                                                   No. XVI11.-OCTOBER, 1850.

COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
-p----        --     -
                     ---
                       ---
                         --.
                           .--
                             --p
                               --.
                                 .                          --



                    R O Y A L B A N K BUILDINGS,
 LIVERPOOL,                     Sgptember, 1850.
 I n September, 1840-We        Opened a department ,for the
          supplying of Families with Tea and Co$ee-zipon      a
          principle ccclculated to aford the greatest advantage
          i n Price-with every security as to Quality.
 TVHEN Q U A L I T Y is thus made the primary consideration
       -and      Price is fixed upon strictly economical
       principles-we were confident that our interest-as
       involved in the question of Profit-would    be fully
       secured by an increasing demand, which has been,
       and must be, the result of such a system-so
       obviously based.
 TITE CON,STAATT care and exact judgement exercised i n
        our method of selection and classification of
        qualities-have  been appreciated, ancl proved by
        the continually increasing extent of tlle FAMILY
        TRIDE-in coni~ectionwith our Establishment.
WE C A N N O T refrain from directing the attention of
      Family Purchasers, to the present anomalous state
      of the--TEA MARKET-viz.
THE FIRST COST OF good and choice kinds is,-at         present,--unusually
    reasonable, a t the same time, there is an increasing demand for the
    commonest BLACK    TEA. This indicates that-CHEAPNESS-being        more
    regarded by inany Dealers than QUALITY-Disappointment            is the
    necessary consequence, to FAIT~ILIE;Swhose supplies are derived from
    parties not possessing the requisite advantages in SELECTION and
    PURCI-IASE.


ROB? ROBERTS & COMPY.
                   Entrance up the Steps-leading          to the B A N I i ,

NOTE.--Liverpool      with its Docks, stands eminently advantageous for the
    Importing of Tea. Its superior Shipping Trade, having Docks covering
    upwards of 250 Statute Acres-with more than 20 miles of Quay space, a n
    amount of accon~modationto be fozuzd in no other Port i n the TVorld.
The Low Rates of Shipping Charges and the great facility for Dispatch,-have
    already secured to the Port of Liverpool nearly the whole of the Export,
    Trade to China.
