                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           219

generous impulse would do him good, and it was better not to check it.
So he groaned on, until he had got into bed again, suffering, I have no
doubt, a martyrdom; and then called us in, pretending to have just woke
u p from a refreshing sleep, and to produce a guinea from under his pillow.
His satisfaction in which happy imposition on us, and in having preserved
the impenetrable secret of the box, appeared to be a sufficient compensa-
tion to him for all his tortures.
   I prepared Peggotty for Steerforth's arrival, and it was not long before
he came. I am persuaded she knew no difference between his having
been a personal benefactor of hers, and a kind friend to me, and that she
would have received him with the utmost gratitude and devotion in any
case. But his easy, spirited, good humour ; his genial manner, his hand-
some looks, his natural gift of adapting himself to whomsoever he pleased,
and making direct, when he cared to do it, to the main point of interest
in anybody's heart; bound her to him wholly in five minutes. His
manner to me, alone, would have won her. But, through all these causes
combined, I sincerely believe she had a kind of adoration for him before
he left the house that night.
   H e stayed there with me to dinner-if I were to say willingly, I should
not half express how readily and gaily. H e went into Mr. Barkis's room
like light and air, brightening and refreshing it as if he were healthy
weather. There was no noise, no effort, no consciousness, in anything
he did ; but in everything an indescribable lightness, a seeming impossi-
bility of doing anything else, or doing anything better, which was so
graceful, so natural, and agreeable, that it overcomes me, even now, in
the remembrance.
   We made merry in the little parlor, where the Book of Martyrs, un-
thumbed since my time, was laid out upon the desk as of old, and where
I now turned over its terrific pictures, remembering the old sensations
they had awakened, but not feeling them. When Peggotty spoke of what
she called my room, and of its being ready for me at night, and of her
hoping I would occupy it, before I could so much as look at Steerforth,
hesitating, he was possessed of the whole case.
   " Of course," he said.    " You '11 sleep here, while we stay, and I shall
sleep at the hotel."
   "But to bring you so far," I returned, " and to separate, seems bad
companionship, Steerforth."
   "Why, in the name of Heaven, where do you naturally belong ! " he
said. "What is 'seems,' compared to that ! " I t was settled at once.
   H e maintained all his delightful qualities to the last, until we started
forth, at eight o'clock, for Mr. Peggotty's boat. Indeed, they were more
and more brightly exhibited as the hours went on; for I thought even
then, and I have no doubt now, that the consciousness of success in his
determination to please, inspired him with a new delicacy of perception,
 and made it, subtle as it was, more easy to him. If any one had told
me, then, that all this was a brilliant game, played for the excitement of
the moment, for the employment of high spirits, in the thoughtless love of
superiority, in a mere wasteful careless course of winning what was
worthless to him, and next minute thrown away-I say, if any one had
told me such a lie that night, I wonder in what manner of receiving it
my indignation would have found a vent !
