2                                                 ADVERTISEMENTS.

                                                                                  13, GREATMARLBOROUGH
                                                                                                    STREET.


                  MR, COLBURN'S        NEW NOVELS,
                      TO BE HAD AT ALL THE LIBRARIES.

           THE WILMINGTONS.                                            Second Edition of Passages i n t h e Life of
    BY t h e Author of "EMILIA WYNDHAM,
                                     &c.                           MRS. MARGARET MAITLAND,
   "Of all t h e novels of the last twelve months this                              O F SUNNYSIDE.
beautiful story is in oor estimation t h e best w n t t e n ,                    Written b y HERSELF.
t h e most ingeniously cont~nued,t h e healthiest in              " The   most g r a t ~ f y i n gwork of i t s class since t h e
sentiment, and the most pathetic i n inte1est."-                great delineator of Scottish manners ceased to
Morning Post.                                                   write."--Tait's  MagasZne.

           THE PETREL.                                                Adventures of a Gold Finder.
               A TALE O F THE SEA.                                                 Written by HIMSELF.
                 By a NAVALOFFICER.                                                                               ( J u s t ready.

                    Second Edition, Enlarged, with Portrait of t h e Author; Cloth, Price 5s.

        R U I N S O F MANY L A N D S .
                            A PILGRIMAGE. BY NICHOLAS MICHELL.
CONTENTS   :-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Egypt-             Ruined Cities of America-Rock-Temples o f India-Athens-
    Rome-Pompeii       -
                       South of France -Ephesus-Tyre-Baalbec-Palmyra               -Persepolis-Jerusalem,     &c.
  "This remarkable a n d interesting production m u s t be deemed a standard composition wherever t h e English
language is understood. I t is a n extraordinary Volume."-Morning         Advertiser, Nov. 17, 1849.
  "Ideas more refined, poetic beauties mofe richly developed, and classic knowledge more extensive, w e
scarcely remember to have seen. The work 1s most valuable."-Cambridge             Independent Press 24th Nov.
  '"Ruins of Many Lands' contains a n a s t o ~ ~ i s h i namount
                                                            g     of information."-Bath and Chehenham Gazette,
28th Nov.
  "This is evidently the highest poetical effort published i n this country i n i t s style for some years."-Tail's
Magazine, Dec. 1849.
           LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG, and Co., 85, Queen Street, Cheapside; a n d all Booksellers.

                  ThThis day is published, to be continued occasiona2ly, price One Shillilzg,

    LATTER-DAY PAMPHLETS,
                               EDITEDBY THOMAS CARLYLE.
                                  No. 1. THE PRESENT TIME.
      No. 2. "THE MODEL PRISONS," will be published on the 1 s t of March.

--                                                   81 HALL. 186. Strand.
                                      London : CHAPMAN

                                         THE FIRST MONTHLY PART O F
                                                                                                                 -

         THE WORKING MAN'S FRIEND
                                  A N D FAMILY INSTRUCTOR
Will be ready for delivery with the N a g m i ~for
                                                s February, price Fourpence-halfpe~~lzy~
                                                                                      enclosed
                                     in a neat Wrapper.
      [To prevent disappointment, persons wishing t o be supplied with it ought t o order i t a t once of t h e
                    nearest bookseller, t h a t h e may receive it through his monthly parcel.]

  CONTENTS     : The Working Man.-Cromwell    and his Times-chapters 1, 2, 3, and 4.-A Picture of Brittany,
by Michelet.-The      Physical History of Man-chapters 1 and 2.-Christopher Chronicle's Lectures on t h e
Social Arts and Dress in England.-Ehenezer Elliott, the Corm-law Rhymer.-The She-Eagle : a n unpublished
Sketch, by Fredrika Bremer, translated by Mary Howitt.-The Freehold Land Movement-chapters I a n d 2 :
a Dialogue between two Working Men, Samuel Styles and John Gi1es.-The Man with One Garment.-
Family Pictures -Household Economy : Letters by Martha Makepiece : Family Receipts.-Scientific Mis-
cellany.-Weekly Calendar-Results of Reading and Thought by a Literary Sexagenarian.-Diggings : " Small.
b u t Golden Grains."--Notices to Correspondents. & c . - ~ h e ' w o o d - ~ o o kWells, o r Neighbours' Quarrels, a n
original and interesting Story, by Mary Howitt.-The Good Words of Mr. Hagenmaier.-The                 Importance of a
Knowledge of the Law.-English Reformers: Joseph Hume.-Anomalous Taxes.-Out of your Inside.-Rates
and Taxes.- Juvenile Cabinets.-Humourous      Selections kc.-Char1emagne.-The                 Philosophical Cobbler.-
Life is Onward.-An       American's Opinion of ~ n ~ l i s Reforms
                                                            h'            and Reformers.- Wit and Pleasantry.-
The School.room, No. I.-The Freedom of t h e Mind.-On Labour translated from t h e French of M. Thiers.-
 Waghorn, the Overland Pioneer.-The Laws relating t o Masters and Workmen.-The School.room, No. 2, kc.
    Published at 335, Strand, London j J. MENZIES,Edinburgh; GALLIE,Glasgow ; and all Booksellers through-
 out t h e United Kingdom.
   The WORKING MAN'S FRlEND and FAMILY INSTRUCTOR is published weekly, 32 pages,crown 870,
 price One Penny, or in monthly parts, four numbers, 4hd.j five numbers, 5ad.
