                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           171
 having at length arranged the business. I t happened to be the Doctor's
 birthday, too. We had had a holiday, had made presents to him in the
 morning, had made a speech to him through the head-boy, and had cheered
 him until we were hoarse, and until he had shed tears. And now, in the
 evening, Mr. WickfieId, Agnes, and I, went to have tea with him in his
private capacity.
    Mr. Jack Maldon was there, before us. Mrs. Strong, dressed in white,
 with cherry-colored ribbons, was playing the piano, when we went in ; and
he was leaning over her to turn the leaves. The clear red and white of
her complexion was not so blooming and flower-like as usual, I thought,
when she turned round ; but she looked very pretty, wonderfully pretty.
    " I have forgotten, Doctor," said Mrs. Strong's mama, when we were
 seated, " to pay you the compliments of the day-though they are, as you
may suppose, very far from being mere compliments in my case. Allow
me to wish you many happy returns."
    " I thank you, ma'am," replied the Doctor.
    " Many, many, many, happy returns," said the Old Soldier. "Not only
 for your own sake, but for Annie's, and John Maldon's, and many other
peoples'. I t seems but yesterday to me, John, when you were a little
 creature, a head shorter than Master Copperfield, making baby love to
Annie behind the gooseberry bushes in the back-garden."
    " My dear mama," said Mrs. Strong, "never mind that now."
    "Annie, don't be absurd," returned her mother. "If you are to blush
to hear of such things, now you are an old married woman, when are you
not to blush to hear of them?"
    " Old ? " exclaimed Mr. Jack Maldon. "Annie ? Come ! "
    "Yes, John," returned the Soldier. "Virtually, an old married woman.
Although not old by years-for when did you ever hear me say, or who
has ever heard me say, that a girl of twenty was old by years!-your
cousin is the wife of the Doctor, and, as such, what I have described her. It
is well for you, John, that your cousin is the wife of the Doctor. You have
found in him an influential and kind friend, who will be kinder yet, I venture
to predict, if you deserve it. I have no false pride. I never hesitate to
admit, frankly, that there are some members of our family who want a friend.
You were one yourself, before your cousin's influence raised up one for you."
    The Doctor, in the goodness of his heart, waved his hand as if to make
light of it, and save Mr. Jack Maldon from any further reminder. But
Mrs. Markleham changed her chair for one next the Doctor's, and putting
her fan on his coat-sleeve, said :
    "No, really, my dear Doctor, you must excuse me if I appear to dwell
on this rather, because I feel so very strongly. I call it quite my mono-
mania, it is such a subject of mine. You are a blessing to us. You really
are a Boon, you know."
    " Nonsense, nonsense," said the Doctor.
    " No, no, I beg your pardon," retorted the Old Soldier. " With nobody
present, but our dear and confidential friend Mr. Wickfield, I cannot consent
to be put down. I shall begin to assert the privileges of a mother-in-law,
if you go on like that, and scold you. I am perfectly honest and outspoken.
What I am saying, is what I said when you first overpowered me with
surprise-you remember how surprised I was ?-by proposing for Annie.
Not that there was anything so very much out of the way, in the mere
