 348              T H E PERSONAL HISTORY AND E X P E R I E N C E

       '' What did you say? "
       " She-excuse me-Miss       D., you know," said Traddles, colouring in
 his great delicacy, " lives in London, I believe ? "
      I' Oh yes.  Near London."       .
      "Mine, perhaps you recollect," said Traddles, with a serious look,
  I' lives down in Devonshire-one      of ten. Consequently, I am not so much
 engaged as you-in that sense."
      " I wonder you can bear," I returned, "to see her so seldom."

      " Hah ! " said Traddles, thoughtfully. " I t does seem a wonder. I
 suppose it is, Copperfield, because there 's no help for it ? "
      "I suppose so," I replied, with a smile, and not without a blush.
 " And because you have so much constancy and patience, Traddles."
     " Dear me ! " said Traddles, considering about it, " do I strike you in
that way, Copperfield? Really I didn't know that I had. But she is such
an extraordinarily dear girl herself, that it 's possible she may have imparted
something of those virtues to me. Now you mention it, Copperfield, I
shouldn't wonder at all. I assure you she is always forgetting herself, and
taking care of the other nine."
     " I s she the eldest ? " I inquired.

     " Oh dear, no," said Traddles.      " The eldest is a Beauty."

     He saw, I suppose, that I could not help smiling at the simplicity of
this reply ; and added, with a smile upon his own ingenuous face :
      "Not, of course, but that my Sophy-pretty name, Copperfield, I
 always think ? "
      " Very pretty ! " said I.
      "Not, of course, but that Sophy is beautiful too, in my eyes, and would
 be one of the dearest girls that ever was, in anybody's eyes (I should
 think). But when I say the eldest is a Beauty, I mean she really is a-"
 he seemed to be describing clouds about himself, with both hands:
 " Splendid, you know," said Traddles, energetically.
      "Indeed ! " said I.
      " Oh, I assure you," said Traddles, " something very uncommon,
indeed ! Then, you know, being formed for society and admiration, and
not being able to enjoy much of it, in consequence of their limited means,
she naturally gets a l$le irritable and exacting, sometimes. Sophy puts
her in good humour !
     " I s Sophy the youngest ? " I hazarded.
     " Oh dear, no ! " said Traddles, stroking his chin. " The two youngest
are only nine and ten. Sophy educates 'em."
     " The second daughter, perhaps ? " I hazarded.
     " No," said Traddles.     " Sarah 's the second.   Sarah has something the
matter with her spine, poor girl. The malady will wear out by-and-by,
the doctors say, but in the meantime she has to lie down for a twelvemonth.
Sophy nurses her. Sophy 's the fourth."
     " Is the mother living? " I inquired.

     " Oh yes," said Traddles, " she is alive. She is a very superior woman,

indeed, but the damp country is not adapted to her constitution, and-in
fact, she has lost the use of her limbs."
  '$    Dear me !" said I.
     "Very sad, is it not? " returned Traddles. "But in a merely domestic
