              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPlRIENCE

  "   How do you know it's not that ? " said Peggotty, after a silence.
   "  Oh, his sorrow is another and quite a different thing. He is sorry at
this moment, sitting by the fireside with Miss Murdstone ; but if I was to
go in, Peggotty, he would be something besides."
    " What would he be ? " said Peggotty.
   " Angry," I answered, with an involuntary imitation of his dark frown.
" If he was only sorry, he wouldn't look at me as he does. 1am only
sorry, and it makes me feel kinder."
   Peggotty said nothing for a little while; and I warmed my hands, as
silent as she.
    " Davy," she said at length.
   " Yes, Peggotty ?"
    " I have tried, my dear, all ways I could think of-all     the ways there
are, and all the ways there ain't, in short-to get a suitable service here,
in Blunderstone ; but there 's no such a thing, my love."
   " And what do you mean to do, Peggotty ?" says I, wistfully. " Do
you mean to go and seek your fortune ? "
   " I expect I shall be forced to go to Yarmouth," replied Peggotty, "and
live there."
   " You might have gone farther off," I said, brightening a little, " and
been as bad as lost. I shall see you sometimes, my dear old Peggotty,
there. You won't be quite at the other end of the world, will you?"
   " Contrary ways, please God ! " cried Peggotty, with great animation.
 " As long as you are here, my pet, I shall come over every week of my
life to see you. One day, every week of my life !"
   I feIt a great weight taken off my mind by this promise; but even this
was not all, for Peggotty went on to say :
   " I ' m a going, Davy, you see, to my brother's, first, for another fort-
night's visit-just till I have had time to look about me, and g e t to be
something like myself again. Now, I have been thinking, that perhaps, as
they don't want you here at present, you might be let to go along with
me."
   If anything, short of being in a different relation to every one about
me, Peggotty excepted, could have given me a sense of pleasure at that
time, it would have been this project of all others. The idea of being
again surrounded by those honest faces, shining welcome on me ; of re-
newing the peacefulness of the sweet Sunday morning, when the bells
were ringing, the stones dropping in the water, and the shadowy ships
breaking through the mist ; of roaming up and down with little Em'ly,
telling her my troubles, and finding charms against them in the shells and
pebbles on the beach; made a calm in my heart. It was ruffled next
 moment, to be sure, by a doubt of Miss Murdstone's giving her consent;
but even that was set at rest soon, for she came out to take an evening
grope in the store-closet while we were yet in conversation, and Peggotty,
with a boldness that amazed me, broached the topic on the spot.
   " The boy will be idle there," said Miss Murdstone, looking into a
pickle-jar, " and idleness is the root of all evil. But, to be sure, he would
be idle here-or anywhere, in my opinion."
   Peggotty had an angry answer ready, I could see; but she swallowed it
for my sake, and remained silent.
    "Humph ! " said Miss Murdstone, still keeping her eye on the pickles ;
