                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            329
    " Mas'r Davy," Ham whispered, drawing me aside, while Mr. Peggotty

 was stowing his bag among the luggage, "his life is quite broke up. He
 doen't know wheer he 's going ; he doen't know what 's afore him ; he 's
bound upon a voyage that '11 last, on and oE, all the rest of his days,
take my wured for't, unless he finds what he's a seeking of. I am sure
you '11 be a friend to him, Mas'r Davy ?"
    "Trust me, I will indeed," said I, shaking hands with Ham earnestly.
    "Thankee. Thankee, very kind, sir. One thing furder. I'm in
good employ, you know, Mas'r Davy, and I han't no way now of spending
what I gets. Money's of no use to me no more, except to live. If you
can lay it out for him, I shall do my work with a better art. Though as
to that, sir," and he spoke very steadily and mildly, "you're not to
think but I shall work at all times, like a man, and act the best that lays
in my power ! "
    I told him I was well convinced of it; and I hinted that I hoped
the time might even come, when he would cease to lead the lonely life he
naturally contemplated now.
    " No sir," he said, shaking his head, "all that's past and over with

me, sir. No one can never fill the place that's empty. But you'll bear
in mind about the money, as theer's at all times some laying by for
him ? "
   Reminding him of the fact, that Mr. Peggotty derived a steady, though
certainly a very moderate income from the bequest of his late brother-in-
law, I promised to do so. We then took leave of each other. I cannot
leave him, even now, without remembering with a pang, at once his modest
fortitude and his great sorrow.
   As to Mrs. Gummidge, if I were to endeavour to describe how she ran
down the street by the side of the coach, seeing nothing but Mr. Peggotty
on the roof, through the tears she tried to repress, and dashing herself
against the people who were coming in the opposite direction, I should
enter on a task of some difficulty. Therefore 1 had better leave her
sitting on a baker's door-step, out of breath, with no shape at all remaining
in her bonnet, and one of her shoes off, lying on the pavement at a
considerable distance.
    When we got to our journey's end, our first pursuit was to look about
 for a little lodging for Peggotty, where her brother could have a bed.
 We were so fortunate as to find one, of a very clean and cheap description,
 over a chandler's shop, only two streets removed from me. When we had
 engaged this domicile, I bought some cold meat at an eating-house, and
 took my fellow-travellers home to tea; a proceeding, I regret to state,
 which did not meet with Mrs. Crupp's approval, but quite the contrary.
 I ought to observe, however, in explanation of that lady's state of mind,
 that she was much offended by Peggotty's tucking up her widow's gown
 before she had been ten minutes in the place, and setting to work to dust
 my bed-room. This Mrs. Crupp regarded in the light of a liberty, and
 a liberty, she said, was a thing she never allowed.
    Mr. Peggotty had made a communication to me on the way to London,
 for which I was not unprepared. I t was, that he purposed first seeing
 Mrs. Steerforth. As I felt bound to assist him in this, and also to
 mediate between them ; with the view of sparing the mother's feelings as
