                       OF DAVID C O P P E P ~ P I E ~ .                 477
    'LYou are a good girl. I have had some slight correspondence with
your former friend, sir," addressing me, "but it has not restored his sense
of duty or natural obligation. Therefore I have no other object in this,
than what Rosa has mentioned. If, by the course which may relieve the
mind of the decent man you brought here (for whom I am sorry-1 can
say no more), my son may be saved from again falling into the snares of a
designing enemy, well ! "
    She drew herself up, and sat looking straight before her, far away.
        Madam," I said respectfully, cc I understand. I assure you I am in no
danger of putting any strained construction on your motives. But I must
say, even to you, having known this injured family from childhood, that if
you suppose the girl, so deeply wronged, has not been cruelly deluded, and
would not rather die a hundred deaths than take a cup of water from
your son's hand now, you cherish a terrible mistake."
     I' Well, Rosa, well ! " said .Mrs. Steerforth, as the other was about to

interpose, " i t is no matter. Let it be. You are married, sir, I am
told ? "
   I answered that I had been some time married.
   "And are doing well? I hear little in the quiet life I lead, but I
understand you are beginning to be famous."
   " I have been very fortunate," I said, " and find my name connected
with some praise."
    "You have no mother? "-in a softened voice.
   c c No
        9'


    " I t is a pity," she returned. " She would have been proud of you.
Good night ! "
    I took the hand she held out with a dignified, unbending air, and it was
as calm in mine as if her breast had been at peace. Her pride could still
its very pulses it appeared, and draw the placid veil before her face,
through which she sat looking straight before her on the far distance.
     As I moved away from them along the terrace, I could not help
observing how steadily they both sat gazing on the prospect, and how it
thickened and closed around them. Here and there, somc early lamps
were seen to twinkle in the distant city; and in the eastern quarter of the
sky the lurid light still hovered. But, from the greater part of the broad
valley interposed, a mist was rising like a sea, which, mingling with the
darkness, made it seem as if the gathering waters would encompass them.
I have reason to remember this, and think of it with awe; for before I
looked upon those two again, a stormy sea had risen to their feet,
      Reflecting on what had been thus told me, I felt it right that it should
 be communicated to Mr. Peggotty. On the following evening I went into
 London in quest of him. He was always wandering about from place to
 place, with his one object of recovering his niece before him; but was
 more in London than elsewhere. Often and often, now, had I seen him in
 the dead of night passing along the streets, searching, among the few who
 loitered out of doors at those untimely hours, for what he dreaded to find.
      He kept a lodging over the little chandler's shop in Hungerford Narliet,
 which I have had occasion to mention more than once, and from which he
 first went forth upon his errand of mercy. Hither I directed my walk.
