             Now ready, in one volume, in a neat cloth binding, price 8s.
  THREE TALES BY MARTIN F. TUPPER, ESQ. D.C.L. P.R.S.
                       Author of      "   Proverbial Philosophy," &c.
                 THE CROCK OF GOLD,
             THE TWINS, AND HEART.
                         WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY JOHN LEECH.
                 Extracts from Becent Notices of iiThe Crock of Gold."
   "This charming tale has won its way to the well-merited distinction of a ' Popular Edition,'
embellished with a characteristic frontispiece from the telling pencil of John Leech. We can
read it agaln and again with fresh pleasure."-Lzterary Gazette.
   " We have rarelv had occasion to speak more highly  . . of any worx than of this."-BelZ's   Weekly
Messenger.
   'I We are glad to see such tales within the reach of the people.        Mechanics' Institutes, and
libraries of a popular character, should avail themselves of this edition."-Plymouth Herald.
   " A tale powerfully told, and with a good moral strongly enforced."-Kentish Gazette.
   "This is one of the most original, peculiar, racy, and interesting books we have ever read."-
Cincinnati Gazette.
   " I t is the fervour of style, the freshness of illustration, the depth of true feeling present in
every page that gives these tales a charm peculiar to themselves!'-New            York Evening Post,
Edited by ?W. C. Bryant.
                                              -
                                           In the Press,
A POPULAR EDITION OF MR. TUPPER'S POEMS,
                      Uniform with "Proverbial Philosophy,"
             With Steel Frontispiece, and Vignette View of the Author's
                                Residence at Albury.
                                             CONTENTS.
     BALLADS FOR THE TIMES, now first collected; GERALDINE;
         HACTENUS; A THOUSAND LINES; and other Poems.

                                 In post 8vo.
                       BARON WILLIAM VON HUMBOLDT'S
               - E
               L - T
                   - T E R S -   -                TO         A       LADY.
                                      FROM THE GERMAN.
                            With Introduction by DR. S'PEBBING.
   " These Letters are interesting and delightful compositions."-Liverpool  Chronicle.
  "Sustained and animated throughout with a spirit of religion and philosophy.       ..The Letters
before us evince a spirit of the purest kind, invigorated by thought and refined by literature."-
Standard of Freedom.
  " A most delightful book."-Bristol Mercury.

  In one volume, price 5s. cloth lettered, with Frontispieces by LEEOH
                                                                     and WEIR.
                     TOIL AND                              TRIAL,
       A STORY of LONDON LIFE. By MRS. NEWTON CROSLAND.
                                                AND
                           THE DOUBLE CLAIM,
                A TALE of REAL LIFE. 13s MRS. T. K. HERVEY.
                                 NOTICES   OF "TOIL    AND TRIAL."
 '&lt;.The book is well calculated to help an important movement."-Atheneum.
     She is a moralist, who draws truth from sorrow with the hand of a master, and depicts the
miseries of mankind only that she may improve their condition."-Bell's Weekly Messenger.
  Ii Mrs. Crosland's purpose is good."-Globe.




                Second Edition, in two vols. fcap. 8vo. price 6s. in cloth,
   T H E S T O R Y OF L I L L Y DAWSON.
              By CATHERINE. CROWE, Author of "Susan Hopley,"
                        " Pippie's Warning," kc. &c.
       Mrs. Crowe has exhibited much skill and ability in the construction and development of her
story."-Literary Gazette.
   ' I A novel of very rare merit."-Messenger.
   " l\Irs. Crolve's style possesses a charm which renders her work irresistible."-Dispai'ch.
   " A narrative of stirring interest."- Jerrold's Paper.
   " A delightful tale, related with vigour, full of striking and original scenes, and an endless
series of adventures, and displaying considerable acquaintance with human nature."-Sunday
Times.
  " 'Lilly Dawson' is a creation worthy of Scott. The work will place Mrs. Crowe high among
the living writers of fiction."-John Bull.
                                     -
             LONDON:
                  A. HALL, YIRTUE & GO. 25, PAPER~TOSTER
                                                     ROW.
