2                                       ADVERTISEMENTS.

                 Second Edition. Enlareed. with Portrait of the Author: Cloth. Price 5s.

       R U I NA SP I LO      F MANY LANDS.
                      G R I M A G E . BY NICHOLAS MICHELL.
CONTENTS     :-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Egypt-       Ruined Cities of America-Rock.Temples of India-Athens-
     Rome-Pompeii-       South of France-Carthage-Tyre-Baalbec-Palmyra-Persepolis-Jerusem,           &c.
   " This interesting and remarkable production must he deemed a standard composition whereverthe English
language is understood. It is a n extraordinary volume."-Morning    Advertiser, Nov. 17, 1849.
   "The author moves over all the celebrated ruins of the world. The volume evinces a profound acquaintance
with ancient history; few will read the work without gleaning some new fact,and all will closeit, determined
t o open it again."-GCasgow Daily Mail, January 7, 1850
   "Ideas more refined, poetic beauties more richly developed, and classic knowledge more extensive, w e
scarcely remember t o have seen. The work is most valuable."-Cambridge      Independent Press, 24th Nov.
   "Most heartily do we rejoice to see a second edition of Mr. Michell's remarkable work."-New       Monthly
Magazine.
            LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG, and Co., 85, Queen Street, Cheapside; and ail Booksellers.
-

                                     N E W WORK
 BY THE AUTHOR OF "HARRY LORREQUER,"                                                                 &c.

On the First o f May (to        be continued M o n t h l y , P r i c e   One S h i l l i n g , each Number,)
                                              No. I.      OF

     THE DALTONS;
                               OR, THREE ROADS I N LIFE.

                      By C H A R L E S LEVER.
                                              __t_

                 W I T H I L L U S T R A T I O N S BY "PHIZ.''
                             LONDON: CHAPMAN & HALL, 186, STRAND.



          CHEAP EDITION of Mr. AINSWORTH'S W O R K S .
                                 Now Ready, complete i n Two Volumes,

        THE TOWER OF LONDON.
                                 Price 1s. each, hoards, or 1s. 6d. cloth.

                   Also, by the same Author, price 1s. each, boards, or 1s. 6d. cloth.

W I N D S O R CASTLE.                                    MISER'S DAUGHTER.
ROOKWOOD.                                                CRICHTON.
                    ON T H E 1 7 OF~ APRIL
                                      ~    WILL         BE           V O L .I .
                                                             PUBLISHED              OF


                      S A I N T JAMES'S.
    T h e next Volume, containing the conclusion of ST. JAMES'S and A U R I O L , will be ready
                                          on the 27th April,
                                  Price Is. boards, or Is. 6d. cloth.

                         LONDON: CHAPMAN & H A L L , 186, STRAND.
