32            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   "Master Davy," said Peggotty, untying her bonnet with a shaking
hand, and speaking in a breathless sort of way. " What do you think?
You have got a P a ! "
   I trembled, and turned white. Something-I don't know what, or
how-connected with the grave in the churchyard, and the raising of the
dead, seemed to strike me like an unwholesome wind.
   " A new one," said Peggotty.
   " A new one ?" I repeated.
   Peggotty gave a gasp, as if she were swallowing something that was
very hard, and, putting out her hand, said :
   " Come and see him."

   " I don't want to see him."
   - "And your mamma," said Peggotty.
   I ceased to draw back, and we went straight to the best parlor, where
she left me. On one side of the fire, sat my mother; on the other,
Mr. Murdstone. My mother dropped her work, and arose hurriedly, but
timidly I thought.
   " Now, Clara my dear," said Mr. Murdstone.         " Recollect ! controul

yourself, always controul yourself! Davy boy, how do you do ? "
   I gave him my hand. After a moment of suspense, I went and kissed
my mother : she kissed me, patted me gently on the shoulder, and sat down
again to her work. I could not look at her, I could not look at him, I
knew quite well that he was looking at us both; and I turned to the
window and looked out there, at some shrubs that were drooping their
heads in the cold.
   As soon as I could creep away, I crept up-stairs. My old dear bedroom
was changed, and I was to lie a long way off. I rambled down-stairs to
find anything that was like itself, so altered it all seemed; and roamed
into the yard. I very soon started back from there, for the empty dog-
kennel was filled up with a great dog-deep mouthed and black-haired
like Him-and he was very angry at the sight of me, and sprung out to
get at me.
