80             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

called me her dear Davy, her own boy! and coming half across the room
to meet me, kneeled down upon the ground and kissed me, and laid my
head down on her bosom near the little creature that was nestling there,
and put its hand up to my lips.
   I wish I had died. I wish I had died then, with that feeling in my
heart ! I should have been more fit for Heaven than I ever have been
since.
   " H e is your brother," said my mother, fondling me. " Davy, my
pretty boy ! My poor child ! " Then she kissed me more and more, and
clasped me round the neck. This she was doing when Peggotty came
running in, and bounced down on the ground beside us, and went mad
about us both for a quarter of an hour.
   I t seemed that I had not been expected so soon, the carrier being much
before his usual time. I t seemed, too, that Mr. and Miss Murdstone had
gone out upon a visit in the neighbourhood, and would not return before
night. I had never hoped for this. I had never thought it possible that
we three could be together undisturbed, once more; and I. felt, for the
time, as if the old days were come back.
   We dined together by the fireside. Peggotty was in attendance to wait
upon us, but my mother wouldn't let her do it, and made her dine with us.
I had my own old plate, with a brown view of a man-of-war in full sail
upon it, which Peggotty had hoarded somewhere all the time I had been
away, and would not have had broken, she said, for a hundred pounds. I
had my own old mug with David on it, and my own old little knife and
fork that wouldn't cut.
   While we were at table, I thought it a favorable occasion to tell Peggotty
about Mr. Barkis, who, before I had finished what I had to tell her, began
to laugh, and threw her apron over her face.
   " Peggotty ! " said my mother. " What's the matter? "
   Peggotty only laughed the more, and held her apron tight over her face
when my mother tried to pull it away, and sat as if her head were in a bag.
   "What are you doing, you stupid creature?" said my mother, laughing.
   " Oh, drat the man ! " cried Peggotty. " He wants to marry me."
   " I t would be a very good match for you ; wouldn't i t ? " said my

mother.
   " Oh ! I don't know," said Peggotty. " Don't ask me. I wouldn't
have him if he was made of gold. Nor I wouldn't have anybody."
   "Then, why don't you tell him so, you ridiculous thing?" said my
mother.
   "Tell him so," retorted Peggotty, looking out of her apron. " H e has
never said a word to me about it. H e knows better. If he was to make
so bold as say aword to me, I should slap his face."
   Her own was as red as ever I saw it, or any other face, I think; but she
only covered it again, for a few moments at a time, when she was taken
with a violent fit of laughter ; and after two or three of those attacks, went
on with her dinner.
   I remarked that my mother, though she smiled when Peggotty looked at
her, became more serious and thoughtful. I had seen at first that she was
changed. Her face was very pretty still, but it looked careworn, and too
delicate; and her hand was so thin and white that it seemed to me t o be
