    Her Majesty's Commissioners hope that the funds to be placed at their disposal by
voluntary contributions may be such as to enable them so to regulate the amount to be paid
for entrance, that all classes may be enabled to visit the Exhibition.
    Should any surplus remain, after giving every facility to the Exhibitors and increasing
the privileges of the Public as spectators, Her Majesty's Commissioners intend to apply the
same to purposes strictly in connexion with the ends of the Exhibition, or for the establish-
ment of similar Exhibitions for the future.
    However large the Building may be,-the quantity of articles sent for Exhibition may
exceed any amount of space that can be provided ;-Her Majesty's Commissioners conse-
quently reserve to themselves ample powers of rejection and selection. Upon the amount
subscribed must necessarily depend the space which they may be enabled to allot; but under
all circumstances they will have to exercise a certain discretion.
    Her Majesty's Commissioners also desire that the Local Committees will, as early as
possible, procure an inventory or general specification of articles proposed to be exhibited
from their Districts, and of the space which will be required for their exhibition, in order to
enable the Con~missionersto determine as soon as possible the extent and the -proportions
                                                                                    -        of
the building.
    Her Majesty's Commissioners are in communication with the Foreign Office, concerning
the means of informing Foreign Governments of the arrangements making for the Exhibition.
    Her Majesty's Commissioners are considering the principles upon which the Prize Fund
of 820,000, shall be appropriated, and the best mode of adjudication.
    If there be any points upon which Local Committees may require information, and will
address themselves to the Secretaries of the Commission, Her Majesty's Commissioners will
be happy to afford i t to them, so far as it may be in their power.
AT THE NEW PALACEOF WESTXINSTER, (Signed)                     J. SCOTT RUSSELL.
        21st of February, 1850.                               STAFFORD H. NORTHCOTE.


                      CLASSIFIED LISTS OF OBJECTS
Which may be admitted to the Exhibition of t h e Works of Industry of all
            Nations, to be opened in London 1st May, 1851.
SECTIONI.     Raw Materials and Produce,-illustrative of the natural productions on which
                human industry is employed.
SECTION11. Machinery for Agricultural, Manufacturing, Engineering, and other purposes,
                 and Mechanical Inventions,-illustrative    of the agents which human inge-
                nuity brings to bear upon the products of nature.
SECTION111. &lanufactures,-illustrative of the result produced by the operation of human
                 industry upon natural produce.
SECTIONIV. Sculpture, Models, and the Plastic Art generally,-illustrative of the taste and
                skill displayed in such applications of human industry.
   This Division of the Objects for exhibition into Four Sections will be generally preserved.
Articles belonging to one Section may, however, be admitted to another, where they may be
considered necessary,-but in such cases for illustration only.

                    Section 1.-Raw Materials and Produce.
    Under Raw Materials in this Section are to be included all products of the Mineral,
Vegetable, and Animal Kingdoms, either in an entirely Raw State, or in any Stage of Prepa-
ration, previous to arriving at the state of a Finished Manufacture (as i n Section 111.) They
are classified according to their uses to man, i n their original state and i n their Chemical
and Mechanical transformations.
                                     (A.) Mineral Kingdom.
     ( ( a . ) Ores, and Modes of Dressing.-Native       Metals, or Metallic Ores,-the Modes of Dressing,
            such as crushing, stamping, jigging, buddling, or otherwise rendering them Merchantable;
            as in the cases of Antimony, Arsenic, Bismuth, Cadmium, Cobalt, Copper,Gold, Iron, Lead,
            Mercury, Nickel, Palladium, Platinum, Silver, Tin,Zinc, &c., &c.
2        (b.) Metallurgical Processes.-The various Methods of Roasting and Smelting the Ores, so as
            to illustrate Processes. Fluxes, Slags, and other Materials which may serve the purposes of
            illustration.   T h e various Processes used in adapting Metals for particular purposes, as for
            making Iron into Cast-iron, Malleable Iron and Steel, &c., &c.
aa   (
$3        (c.) Alloys.-Bronzes of various kinds, such as Statuary, Gun, Bell, and Speculum Metal,
             Britannia Metal, Brass of different kinds, German Silver, Argentine, and other varieties of
d
 .          White Metal, Pewter, Type Metals, Sheathing Metal, Compounds of Metals with Phosphoru~
             and other Non-metallic bodies, &c., &c.
         (d.) Metals i n process of adaptation to Finished Manufactures.-Rolled       and Drawn in Sheets,
     \      Wires, &c., and Cast in Pigs, Bars, kc., Plated and Electro-typed Metals, kc.
