         THE MOST REMARKABLE PUBLICATION O F THE DAY.



                THIRTY-TWO PAGES CROWN-OCTAVO, PRICE ONE PENNY.
   T h e SECOND VOLUME is NOW READY for delivery, price One Shilling and Sixpence bound
i n cloth, and containing thirteen weekly Numbers. The T H I R D VOLUME will be cornmegeed on
Saturday, July 6. I n addition t o the continuation of papers by Doctor Fergnson, the Rev. B.
Parsons Mary Howitt Fredrika Bremer " Silverpen," and other eminent writers, the first Number
of t h e i e w Volume Gill contain the fikst of a Series of Sketches by W I L L I A ~HOWITT, Esq.,
descriptive of remarkable scenes, objects, and places.
   This Weekly Magazine has been declared, by a very large portion of the Public Press, to be "one
of the most remarkable publications of the class;"-" of excellent quality and amazing bulk;"-"     for
cheapness and real excellence unequalled;"-"         a useful and formidable auxiliary in the cause of
progress." And i t has been hailed by the numerous class for whom i t is especially intended, as well
as by those who occupy a higher s o c ~ a lposition, as eminently calculated to promote the elevation
and improvement of a most important portion of the community.
  A new and highly-interesting feature will also be introduced into this Magazine, as will be seen
by the following announcement :-
                           TEE OPERATIVE CLASSES :
             THEIR TRIALS. SUFFERINGS. AND VIRTUES.
J o l i s CASPELLo f i r s 0s' I i ~ s l l a E DPOCSD'., ill Prcntin:lrs of TENP U C Y D eil~ll,             J     for Tell pithy
S l r r ~ c n h sTaLsr,
                 ,        or N I H H I I T I \ YS, illu~trativeor the T r ~ l l s S
                                                                                  , u f f ~ r i l ~ gand
                                                                                                      s , I'atient Endurance of
the l u d ~ ~ a t r iClaj-es,
                     al       in cunncxiun with various systems :-




                                                                                                -
   I. T H E SWEATING SYSTEM:in connexion with the Tailoring Trade.
   11. T H E FACTORY       SYSTEM:as illustrated in the Life of a Child, a Wife, and a. Mother ; in con-
nexion with long honva  - --- , -ahzpnce
                                  - - - ..- - -from
                                                - ---...- .--
                                                      home. -,and        - -- - -- - - -- - - .
                                                                   - -.- snhsist~nre.
                                                              -..- hsre
   111. JOURNEYME       N BAKERS: in connexion with long hours, night work, Sunday labour, and close
and unhealthy atmc)spheres.
   IV. COLLIERSand MINERS: their unhealthy and hazardous employments and the triumphs of
virtue and religion under the most unfavourable circumstances.                                 - -
   V. THE STOCKINGEXS          OP LEICESTERAND NOTTS;illustrated in the history of their trade; their
privations during a lengthened depression; their Long hours of labour, and scanty wages.
   VI. NEEDLEWOMEN : illustrative of the sufferings and miseries of Shirt-makers, and the makers
of Slop-goods, &c.
   VII. SALE-FURNITURE            A N D CABINET-MAKERS             : In connexion with the drudgery, slavery, and
the very inadequate remuneration of the preaenc system.
   VIII. SPITALPIELDS        WEAVERS          : their history privations, recreations, and present condition.
   IX. A ~ R I C U L T U R A   LABOURERS:
                                  L                    their e'mployments, condition as to education, domestic
comforts.
..          &c.
                          i o n the above series thou-11 not actually including the operntise clasrcs :-
   ~ o d i n ' ~ o ~ t x with
   X. TIIF I ) I ~ A J ~ F H
                           ASS~STISTS:
                             S'                   iiluStThtive zf life In large towus. long hours, unhealthy lcclging,
oppressive and degrading roles and maxilns;, aud tlle detnordiration usuaii) attendant on 1Le preselrt
system.
   Each Sketch, or Tale must not exceed in length twelve of the ordinary pages of THE WORKING
MAN'S FRIEND, and is lo be divided into three chapters, or smaller sectiqns if necessary. Though
written in the form of tale, or narrative, i t must describe the pecnliantles of the respective trade
o r occupation, and contain such statistics as may convey just ideas of its extent, importance, and
present state.
                                                               -
                                                               A


    T h e OBJECTof the Proprietor of Trrs WORKINGMAN'S FRIEND, in publishing these Sketches, i s
 to furnish a succession of vivid pictures, which may serve,-
    Fcrst,-To exhibit the advantages resulting from Sobriety, Industry, Integrity, and Moral Excellence
under the most trying circumstances, namely, of the hardest work and the worst pay.
    Secondly,-To excite the sympathy of those who are in more favourable circnmstances, by bringing
more fully before their view the privations and sufferings which large portions of their brethren and
sisters have to endure; and the great difficultieswith which they have to contend, even in obtaining
the commonest necessaries of life, and in procuring the education and trainlng of their children ; and
the temptations and dangers t o which they are, consequently, exposed.
    Thirdly,-To remove the prejudices, t o allay the apprehensiens, and to engage the kindly officesof
those who have formed unfavourable opinions of the masses, as persons who have imbibed what are
considered extravagant opinions and unwarrantable desires, as to Politics, Religion, and Social
Philosophy and
    ~ i F i n a l l ~ ekeite
                      , ~ ~ oin the minds of all an earnest desire for the amelioration of the condition of
t h e toiling classes, and a determination to employ the most rational means of securing their physical,
intellectual, social, and moral elevation.
    The aim of eaoh writer must be to carry out these objects in a calm and dignified tone, apart from
personal invectives, or abuse of individuals whom bad systems may have betrayed into oppressive
acts. It willnot avail to irritate wounds that are already too grievous to be borne; the wisest course
will be to point out the means by which healing and soundness may be best effected.
   The E d ~ t o r sof THE WORKINGMAN'S FRIENDwill be assisted, in the selection of the best Sketch
or Tale by persons well acquainted with the peculiarities of eaoh system.
   T h e 'ompetitors for No. I. must send in their papers not later than August 14.
           For No. II., September 1.                                    For No. IV., October 1.
           For No. 111.. Seotemher 15.                                  For No. V.. October 15.
   And the remainder*noilaterthan November 15.
   T~I; papers must be addressed " T o the Proprietor of the Working Man's Friend, 335, Strand, Lon-
don.      Each manuscript must be signed with some peculiar lnit~al,accompanied with a sealed note
