                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         407
be above you,' says father, ' keep yourself down.' I am very umble to
the present moment, Master Copperfield, but I've got a little power ! "
   And he said all this-I knew, as I saw his face in the moonlight-
that I might understand he was resolved to recompense himself by using
his power. I had never doubted his meanness, his craft and malice ; but
I fully comprehended now, for the first time, what a base, unrelenting, and
revengeful spirit, must have been engendered by this early, and this long,
suppression.
   His account of himself was so far attended with an agreeable result,
that it led to his withdrawing his hand in order that he might have another
hug of himself under the chin. Once apart from him, I was determined
to keep apart; and we walked back, side by side, saying very little more
by the way.
   Whether his spirits were elevated by the communication I had made
to him, or by his having indulged in this retrospect, I don't know; but
they were raised by some influence. He talked more at dinner than was
usual with him; asked his mother (off duty, from the moment of our
re-entering the house), whether he was not growing too old for a bachelor;
and once looked at Agnes so, that I would have given all I had, for leave
to knock him down.
   When we three males were left alone after dinner, he got into a more
adventnrous state. He had taken little or no wine; and I presume it was
the mere insolence of triumph that was upon him, flushed perhaps by the
temptation my presence furnished to its exhibition.
   I had observed yesterday, that he tried to entice Mr. Wickfield to drink;
and, interpreting the look which Agnes had given me as she went out, had
limited myself to one glass, and then proposed that we should follow her.
I would have done so again to-day ; but Uriah was too quick for me.
   "We seldom see our present visitor, sir," he said, addressing Mr.
Wickfield, sitting, such a contrast to him, at the end of the table, " and I
should propose to give him welcome in another glass or two of wine, if
you have no objections. Mr. Copperfield, your elth and appiness ! "
   I was obliged to make a show of taking the hand he stretched across to
me ; and then, with very different emotions, I took the hand of the broken
 gentleman, his partner.
   " Come, fellow partner,"  said Uriah, " if I may take the liberty,-now,
 suppose you give us something or another appropriate to Copperfield ! "
   I pass over Mr. Wickfield's proposing my aunt, his proposing Mr. Dick,
his proposing Doctor's Commons, his proposing Uriah, his drinking every-
thing twice ; his consciousness of his own weakness, the ineffectual effort
that he made against it ; the struggle between his shame in Uriah's de-
portment, and his desire to conciliate him ; the manifest exultation with
which Uriah twisted and turned, and held him up before me. I t made
me sick at heart to see, and my hand recoils from writing it.
   " Come, fellow partner ! " said Uriah, at last, " I'll give you another
one, and I umbly ask for bumpers, seeing I intend to make it the divinest
of her sex."
   Her father had his empty glass in his hand. I saw him set it down,
look at the picture she was so like, put his hand to his forehead, and
shrink back in his elbow chair.
