390           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    No. I couldn't think of agreeing to it. I was very sorry, but there
 was a higher consideration than sense. Love was above all earthly con-
 siderations, and I loved Dora to idolatry, and Dora loved me. I didn't
 exactly say so; I softened it down as much as I could ; but I implied it,
and I was resolute upon it. I don't think I made myself very ridiculous,
but I know I was resolute.
    r r Very well, Mr. Copperfield," said Mr. Spenlow, " I must try my
influence with my daughter."
    Miss Murdstone, by an expressive sound, a long drawn respiration,
which was neither a sigh nor a moan, but was like both, gave it as her
opinion that he should have done this at first.
    "I must try," said Mr. Spenlow, confirmed by this support, "my influ-
ence with my daughter. Do you decline to take those letters, Mr. Copper-
field? " For I had laid them on the table.
   Yes. I told him I hoped he would not think it wrong, but I couldn't
possibly take them from Miss Murdstone.
    " Nor from me ? " said Mr. Spenlow.

   No, I replied with the profoundest respect ; nor from him.
    " Very well ! " said Mr. Spenlow.

   A silence succeeding, I was undecided whether to go or stay. At
length I was moving quietly towards the door, with the intention of saying
that perhaps I should consult his feelings best by withdrawing : when he
said, with his hands in his coat pockets, into which it was as much as he
could do to get them; and with what I should call, upon the whole, a
 decidedly          air :
    " You are probably aware, Mr. Copperfield, that I am not altogether
destitute of worldly possessions, and that my daughter is my nearest and
dearest relative ? " - -
    I hurriedly made him a reply to the effect, that I hoped the error into
which I had been betrayed by the desperate nature of my love, did not
induce him to think me mercenary too ?
        I don't allude to the matter in that light," said Mr. Spenlow. "It
would be better for yourself, and all of us, if you were mercenary, Mr.
 Copperfield-I mean, if you were more discreet and less influenced by all
this youthful nonsense. No. I merely say, with quite another view, you
are probably aware I have some property to bequeath to my child? "
    I certainly supposed so.
    'c And you can hardly think," said Mr. Spenlow, "having experience of
what we see, in the Commons here, every day, of the various unaccount-
able and negligent proceedings of men, in respect of their testamentary
arrangements-of all subjects, the one on which perhaps the strangest
revelations of human inconsistency are to be met with-but that mine are
made ? "
   I inclined my head in acquiescence.
   " I should not allow," said Mr. Spenlow, with an evident increase oi
pious sentiment, and slowly shaking his head as he poised himself upon his
toes and heels alternately, "my suitable provision for my child to be influ-
enced by a piece of youthful folly like the present. I t is mere folly.
Mere nonsense. I n a little while, it will weigh lighter than any feather,
But I might-I might-if this silly business were not completely relin-
