                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

then addressed himself to me, and proffered me the satisfaction of wit-
nessing the re-establishment of mutual confidence between himself and
Mrs. Micawber." After which, he invited the company generally to the
contemplation of that affecting spectacle.
    "The veil that has long been interposed between Mrs. Micawber and
myself, is now withdrawn," said Mr. Micawber; "and my children and
the Author of their Being can once more come in contact on equal terms."
    As we were all very grateful to him, and all desirous to show that we
were, as well as the hurry and disorder of our spirits would permit, I dare
say we should all have gone, but that it was necessary for Agnes to return
to her father, as yet unable to bear more than the dawn of hope; and
for some one else to hold Uriah in safe keeping. So, Traddles remained
for the latter purpose, to be presently relieved by Mr. Dick ; and Mr. Dick,
my aunt, and I, went home with Mr. Micawber. As I parted hurriedly
from the dear girl to whom I owed so much, and thought from what she
had been saved, perhaps, that morning-her better resolution notwith-
standing-I felt devoutly thankful for the miseries of my younger days
which had brought me to the knowledge of Mr. Micawber.
    His house was not far off; and as the street-door opened into the
 sitting room, and he bolted in with a precipitation quite his own, we
 found ourselves at once in the bosom of the family. Mr. Micawber ex-
 claiming, " Emma ! my life ! " rushed into Mrs. Micawber's arms. Mrs.
 Micawber shrieked, and folded Mr. Micawber in her embrace. Miss
 Micawber, nursing the unconscious stranger of Mrs. Micawber's last
 letter to me, was sensibly affected. The stranger leaped. The twins
testified their joy by several inconvenient but innocent demonstrations.
Master Micawber, whose disposition appeared to have been soured by
early disappointment, and whose aspect had become morose, yielded to his
better feelings, and blubbered.
    " Emma ! " said Mr. Micawber.        " The cloud is past from my mind.
Mutual confidence, so long preserved between us once, is restored, to know
no farther interruption. Now, welcome poverty ! " cried Mr. Micawber,
shedding tears. "Welcome misery, welcome houselessness, welcome
hunger, rags, tempest, and beggary ! Mutual confidence will sustain us
to the end ! "
    With these expressions, Mr. Micawber placed Mrs. Micawber in a chair,
and embraced the family all round; welcoming a variety of bleak pros-
pects, which appeared, to the best of my judgment, to be anything but
welcome to them; and calling upon them to come out into Canterbury and
sing a chorus, as nothing else was left for their support.
    But Mrs. Micawber having, in the strength of her emotions, fainted
away, the first thing to be done, even before the chorus could be consi-
dered complete, was to recover her. This, my aunt and Mr. Micawber did;
and then my aunt was introduced, and Mrs. Micawber recognised me.
    " Excuse me, dear Mr. Copperfield," said the poor lady, giving me her

hand, " but I am not strong ; and the removal of the late misunderstand-
ing between Mr. Micawber and myself was at first too much for me."
    " Is this all your family, ma'am? " said my aunt.
    "There are no more at present," returned Mrs. Micawber.
    " Good gracious, I didn't mean that, ma'am," said my aunt.     " I mean
are all these yours? "
