                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            563
   They were making out to me, in an agitated way-I don't know how,
for the little I could hear I was scarcely composed enough to understand-
that the life-boat had been bravely manned an hour ago, and could do
nothing; and that as no man would be so desperate as to attempt to wade
off with a rope, and establish a communication with the shore, there was
nothing left to try ; when I noticed that some new sensation moved the
people on the beach, and saw them part, and Ham come breaking through
them to the front.
   I ran to him-as well as I know, to repeat my appeal for help. But,
distracted though I was, by a sight so new to me and terrible, the determi-
nation in his face, and his look, out to sea-exactly the same look as I
remembered in connexion with the morning after Emily's flight-awoke
me to a knowledge of his danger. I held him back with both arms;
and implored the men with whom I had been speaking, not to listen to
him, not to do murder, not to let him stir from off that sand !
   Another cry arose on shore ; and looking to the wreck, we saw the
cruel sail, with blow on blow, beat off the lower of the two men, and fly
up in triumph round the active figure left alone upon the mast.
   Against such a sight, and against such determination as that of the
calmly desperate man who was already accustomed to lead half the people
present, I might as hopefully have entreated the wind. " Mas'r Davy,"
he said, cheerily grasping me by both hands, "if my time is come, 'tis
come. If 'tan't, I '11 bide it. Lord above bless you, and bless all ! Mates,
make me ready ! I 'm a going off !"
   I was swept away, but not unkindly, to some distance, where the people
around me made me stay ; urging, as1 confusedlyperceived, that he was bent
on going, with help or without, and that I should endanger the precautions
for his safety by troubling those with whom they rested. I don't know
what I answered, or what they rejoined; but, I saw hurry on the beach,
and men running with ropes from a capstan that was there, and pene-
trating into a circle of figures that hid him from me. Then, I saw him
standlng alone, in a seaman's frock and trowsers : a rope in his hand, or
slung to his wrist : another round his body : and several of the best men
holding, at a little distance, to the latter, which he laid out himself, slack
upon the shore, at his feet.
   The wreck, even to my unpractised eye, was breaking up. I saw that
she was parting in the middle, and that the life of the solitary man upon
the mast hung by a thread. Still, he clung to it. He had a singular red
cap on,-not like a sailor's cap, but of a finer color ; and as the few yielding
planks between him and destruction rolled and bulged, and his anticipative
death-knell rung, he was seen by all of us to wave it. I saw him do it
now, and thought I was going distracted, when his action brought an
old remembrance to my mind of a once dear friend.
   Ham watched the sea, standing alone, with the silence of suspended
breath behind him, and the storm before, until there was a great retiring
wave, when, with a backward glance at those who held the rope which
was made fast round his body, he dashed in after it, and in a moment
was buffetting with the water; rising with the hills, faliing with the
valleys, lost beneath the foam ; then drawn again to land. They hauled
in hastily.
                                                             0 0 2
