 150            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  of much domestic trouble and uneasiness ; both during the lifetime of my
  late dear wife, and since. He has a sullen, rebellious spirit; a violent
  temper; and an untoward, intractable disposition. Both my sister and
  myself have endeavoured to correct his vices, but ineffectually. And I have
  felt-we both have felt, I may say; my sister being fully in my confi-
  dence-that it is right you should receive this grave and dispassionate
 assurance from our lips."
      " I t can hardly be necessary for me to confirm anything stated by my

 brother," said Miss Murdstone; "but I beg to observe, that, of all the
 boys in the world, I believe this is the worst boy."
      " Strong !" said my aunt, shortly.
      " But not at all too strong for the facts," returned Miss Murdstone.
      " H a !" said my aunt. " Well, sir ?"
      " I have my own opinions," resumed Mr. Murdstone, whose face

 darkened more and more, the more he and my aunt observed each other,
 which they did very narrowly, " as to the best mode of bringing him up ;
 they are founded, in part, on my knowledge of him, and in part on my
 knowledge of my own means and resources. I am responsible for them
 to myself, I act upon them, and I say no more about them. I t is enough
that I place this boy under the eye of a friend of my own, in a respect-
 able business ; that it does not please him; that he runs away from i t ;
 makes himself a common vagabond about the country; and comes here,
 in rags, to appeal to you, Miss Trotwood. I wish to set before you,
 honorably, the exact consequences-so far as they are within my know-
 ledge-of your abetting him in this appeal."
      " But about the respectable business first," said my aunt.    " If he had
 been your own boy, you would have put him to it, just the same, I suppose ?"
      " If he had been my brother's own boy," returned Miss Murdstone,
 striking in, " his character, I trust, would have been altogether different."
      " Or if the poor child, his mother, had been alive, he would still have
 gone into the respectable business, would he?" said my aunt.
      " I believe,"   said Mr. Murdstone, with an inclination of his head,
 " that Clara would have disputed nothing, which myself and my sister
Jane Murdstone were agreed was for the best."
     Miss Murdstone confirmed this, with an audible murmur.
     " Humph ! " said my aunt.      " Unfortunate baby !"
    Mr. Dick, who had been rattling his money all this time, was rattling
it so loudly now, that my aunt felt it necessary to check him with a look,
before saying :
     " The poor child's annuity died with her ? "
     " Died with her," replied Mr. Murdstone.

     "And there was no settlement of the little property-the house and garden
-the what 's-its-name Rookery without any rooks in it-upon her boy? "
     " I t had been left to her, unconditionally, by her first husband,"
Mr. Murdstone began, when my aunt caught him up with the greatest
irascibility and impatience.
    ' I Good Lord, man, there 's no occasion to say that.   Left to her uncon-
ditionally ! I think I see David Copperfield looking forward to any con-
dition of any sort or kind, though it stared him point-blank in the face !
Of course it was left to her unconditionally. But when she married
again-when she took that most disastrous step of marrying you, in
