                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                         CHAPTER XXXVIII.
                    A DISSOLUTION O F PARTNERSHIP.

   I DID not allow my resolution, with respect to the Parliamentary
 Debates, to cool. It was one of the irons I began to heat immediately,
 and one of the irons I kept hot, and hammered at, with a perseverance I
 may honestly admire. I bought an approved scheme of the noble art and
mystery of stenography (which cost me ten and sixpence) ; and plunged
into a sea of perplexity that brought me, in a few weeks, to the confines
of distraction. The changes that were rung upon dots, which in such a
position meant such a thing, and in such another position something else,
entirely different ; the wonderful vagaries that were played by circles ; the
unaccountable consequences that resulted from marks like flies' legs ; the
tremendous effects of a curve in a wrong place; not only troubled my
waking hours, but reappeared before me in my sleep. When I had
groped my way, blindly, through these difficulties, and had mastered the
alphabet, which was an Egyptian Temple in itself, there then appeared a
procession of new horrors, called arbitrary characters ; the most despotic
characters I have ever known ; who insisted, for instance, that a thing like
the beginning of a cobweb, meant expectation, and that a pen and ink
sky-rocket stood for disadvantageous. When I had fixed these wretches in
my mind, I found that they had driven everything else out of i t ; then,
beginning again, I forgot them ; while I was picking them up, I dropped
the other fragments of the system ; in short, it was almost heart-breaking.
   I t might have been quite heart-breaking, but for Dora, who was the
stay and anchor of my tempest-driven bark. Every scratch in the scheme
was a gnarled oak in the forest of difficulty, and I went on cutting them
 down, one after another, with such vigour, that in three or four months
I was in a condition to make an experiment on one of our crack speakers
in the Commons. Shall I ever forget how the crack speaker walked off
from me before I began, and left my imbecile pencil staggering about the
paper as if it were in a fit !
   This would not do, it was quite clear. I was flying too high, and
should never get on, so. I resorted to Traddles for advice; who snggested
that he should dictate speeches to me, at a pace, and with occasional
stoppages, adapted to my weakness. Very grateful for this friendly aid,
I accepted the proposal ; and night after night, almost every night, for a
long time, we had a sort of private Parliament in Buckingham Street,
after I came home from the Doctor's.
   I should like to see such a Parliament anywhere else ! My aunt and
Mr. Dick represented the Government or the Opposition (as the case might
be), and Traddles, with the assistance of Enfield's Speaker or a volume of
parliamentary orations, thundered astonishing invectives against them.
Standing by the table, with his finger in the page to keep the place,
                                                              C C
