2                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.


                       Publishing Weekly, p r i c e         3d., o r   S t a m p e d , 4d.,



THE LADIES' COMPANION
                                        %t   Rome an3 %broaU.
        EMBELLISHED W I T H NUMEROUS F I N E ENGRAVINGS ON WOOD.



   H E success of" THELADIES'COMPANION,'.
T                                              whicl~has justified the belief that a field for such a
     periodical existed, has also encouraged its projectors to double diligence, with a view of
rendering their miscellany increasingly valuable by its vigour and variety, no less than attractive
by its refinement.
   New arrangements have been entered into, for the purpose of presenting in an improved form
the many important movements now making in the cause of Female Echcation and Association.
-It is the Editor's desire, too, to increase the importance of the literary criticism of the paper ;
selecting, week by week, such books only as befit a Lady's Library.-Characters and biographies
of Distinguished Women will be presented from time to time.-The          co-operation of some among
our female writers most distinguished in imaginative literature has been secured, in addition
to many of those who have already contributed.-In Art, besides furnishing guidance and
inforination, especially referring to the female artist, it is intended more largely than heretofore
to consider the intellectual pleasure of the amateur.
   While, however, Philosophy, Literature, Science, Imagination, Art, and Manners, will be in
turn treated, it is hoped, with increasing spirit,-a, ' l LADIES'COMPANION,"   to merit such compa-
nionship, must also hold up the Glass of Fashion," and keep open a Board of all manner
of dainty and ingenious works. Here, too, arrangements of the first importance have been
made, and here a name carries its own authority and recommendation. The proprietors, therefore
announce with pleasure, that the valuable assistance of Mademoiselle DBVY,37, Grosvenor-street, is
give11 exclusively to " THE LADIES'COMPANION        ;" and that all the information concerning Dress
or Fashions, which appears in its columns, has either been directly communicated by that lady, o r
appears under her sanction. They may also state that the Iliust~.ations of this periodical a r e
under the superintendence of H. Noel Humphreys, Esq.

    Amongst the contributors to this popular Work may be enumerated :-
      MISS MITFORD.                     DR. LANKESTER.                            EDWARD SOLLY, ESQ.
      MISS JEWSBURY.                    MRS. T. K. HERVEP.                        H. F. CHORLEY, ESQ.
      niIss ACTON.                      MRS. HOWITT.                              WILLIAM HOWITT, ESQ.
      MRS. CROSLAND.                [   11ISS DORA GREENWELL.                         &C., &C.,   &C.




                                    THE FIRST VOLUME,
      Elegantly bound in a cover designed by H. N. HUMPHREYS,
                                                           Esq., is published, price 10s.

   " The last of the new periodicals claiming notice is one which we have before spoken of, but in which many
manifest recent improvements invite renewed and more cordial mention. The Ladies' Companion is now a very,
intelligent as well as pleasant miscellany with merits not at all common. It has stories well told, nice criticism-
poetry much above the average, anecdotes and comment apt and inviting to lady readers, pretty and piquant illnstra
tions, and in every department presents evidence of able superintendence, and of a full, ready, well-stored, well-
cultivated mind. No one who looks at the numbers for the last month or two will find this too large a measure of
praise, and among its other most recent attractions let us not omit to mention the commencement of a clever story by
Miss Jewsbury, ' The Sorrows of Gentility.' '"Examiner, October 5, 1850.

           OFFICE, 11, BOUVERIE STREET, AND ALL BOOKSELLERS AND NEWSMEN.
