                         OF DAVID COPPERPIELD.                            373
  'I   I '11 buy a book," said I, "with a good scheme of this art in it ; I '11
 work at it at the Commons, where I haven't half enough to do ; I '11 take
 down the speeches in our court for practice-Traddles, my dear fellow,
I 1' 1 master it ! "
     "Dear me," said Traddles, opening his eyes, " I had no idea you were
 such a determined character, Copperfield ! "
     I don't know how he should have had, for it was new enough to me.
I passed that off, and brought Mr. Dick on the carpet.
     " You see," said Mr. Dick, wistfully, " if I could exert myself, Mr. Trad-
dles-if I could beat a drum-or blow anything ! "
    Poor fellow! I have little doubt he would have preferred such an
employment in his heart to all others. Traddles, who would not have
smiled for the world, replied composedly:
     "But you are a very good penman, sir. You told me so, Copperfield? "
       Excellent!" said I. And indeed he was. He wrote with extra-
ordinary neatness.
     "Don't you think," said Traddles, "you could copy writings, sir, if
I got them for you? "
     Mr. Dick looked doubtfully at me. " Eh, Trotwood? "
     I shook my head. Mr. Dick shook his, and sighed. " Tell him about
 the Memorial," said Mr. Dick.
     I explained to Traddles that there was a difficulty in keeping Icing
 Charles the First out of Mr. Dick's manuscripts ; Mr. Dick in the mean-
while looking very deferentially and seriously at Traddles, and sucking
his thumb.
     "But these writings, you know, that I speak of, are already drawn
up and finished," said Traddles after a little consideration. " Mr. Dick
has nothing to do with them. Wouldn't that make a difference, Copper-
field? At all events wouldn't it be well to try ? "
     This gave us new hope. Traddles and I laying our heads together
apart, while Mr. Dick anxiously watched us from his chair, we con-
cocted a scheme in virtue of which we got him to work next day, with
triumphant success.
     On a table by the window in Buckingham Street, we set out the work
Traddles procured for him-which was to make, I forget how many
copies of a legal document about some right of way-and onanother table
we spread the last unfinished original of the great Memorial. Our
instructions to Mr. Dick were that he should copy exactly what he had
before him, without the least departure from the original; and that when
he felt it necessary to make the slightest allusion to King Charles the
First, he should fly to the Memorial. We exhorted him to be resolute in
this, and left my aunt to observe him. Rly aunt reported to us, after-
wards, that, at first, he was like a man playing the kettle-drums, and
constantly divided his attentions between the two ; but that, finding this
confuse and fatigue him, and having his copy there, plainly before his
eyes, he soon sat at it in an orderly business-like manner, and postponed
the Memorial to a more convenient time. I n a word, although we took
great care that he should have no more to do than was good for him, and
although he did not begin with the beginning of a week, he earned by the
following Saturday night ten shillings and nine pence; and never, while
I live, shall I forget his going about to all the shops in the neighbourhood
