310             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 for the proffered refreshment, which I declined, as I had just had dinner;
 and, observing that I would wait, since he was so good as to invite me, until
 his daughter and his son-in-law came back, I inquired how little Emily
 was ?
     "Well, sir," said Mr. Omer, removing his pipe, that he might rub his
 chin; " I tell you truly, I shall be glad when her marriage has taken
place."
     " Why so?" I inquired.
     " Well, she's unsettled at present,"       said Mr. Omer. " It ain't that
 she's not as pretty as ever, for she's prettier-I do assure you, she is prettier.
I t ain't that she don't work as well as ever, for she does. She mas
worth any six, and she is worth any six. But somehow she wants heart.
If you understand," said Mr. Omer, after rubbing his chin again, and
smoking a little, " what I mean in a general way by the expression,
' A long pull, and a strong pull, and a pull altogether, my hearties,
hurrah !' I should say to you, that thal was-in a general way-what
I miss in Em'ly."
    Mr. Omer's face and manner went for so much, that I could conscien-
tiously nod my head, as divining his meaning. My quickness of appre-
hension seemed to please him, and he went on :
    " Now, I consider this is principally on account of her being in an
unsettled state, you see. We have talked it over a good deal, her uncle
and myself, and her sweetheart and myself, after business ; and I consider
it is principally on account of her being unsettled. You must always
recollect of Em'ly," said Mr. Omer, shaking his head gently, " that she's a
most extraordinary affectionate llttle thing. The proverb says, ' You can't
make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.' Well, I don't know about that.
I rather think you may, if you begin early in life. She has made a home
 out of that old boat, sir, that stone and marble couldn't beat."
     " I am sure she has !" said I.
     " To see the clinging of that pretty little thing to her uncle," said
3fr. Omer ; " to see the way she holds on to him, tlghter and tighter, and
closer and closer, every day, is to see a sight. Now, you know, there's a
struggle going on when that's the case. Why should it be made a longer
one than is needful? "
    I listened attentively to the good old fellow, and acquiesced, with all my
heart, in what he said.
    " Therefore, I mentioned to them," said Mr. Omer, in a comfortable,
easy-going tone, " this. I said, 'Now, don't consider Em'ly nailed down
in point of time, at all. Make it your own time. Her services have been
more valuable than was supposed; her learning has been quicker than
was snpposed ; Omer and Joram can run their pen through what remains ;
and she's free when you wish. If she likes to make any little arrange-
ment, afterwards, in the way of doing any little thing for us at home, very
well. If she don't, very well still. We 're no losers, anyhow.' For-
don't you see," said Mr. Omer, touching me with his pipe, " it ain't
likely that a man so short of breath as myself, and a grandfather too,
would go and strain points with a little bit of a blue-eyed blossom, like
her ? "
    cc Not at all, I am certain," said I.
