230            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 whose approach we had not observed, but whose face I saw as she went
 by, and thought I had a faint remembrance of. She was lightly dressed ;
 looked bold, and haggard, and flaunting, and poor ; but seemed, for the
 time, to have given all that to the wind which was blowing, and to have
 nothing in her mind but going after them. As the dark distant level,
 absorbing their figures into itself, left but itself visible between us and the
 sea and clouds, her figure disappeared in like manner, still no nearer to
 them than before.
    "That is a black shadow to be following the girl," said Steerforth,
 standing still ; " what does it mean? "
    H e spoke in a low voice that sounded almost strange to me.
    " She must have it in her mind to beg of them, I think," said I.
    " A beggar would be no novelty," said Steerforth, " but it is a strange
 thing that the beggar should take that shape to-night."
    " Why? " I asked him.

    " For no better reason, truly, than because I was thinking," he said,
 after a pause, "of something like it, when it came by. Where the Devil
 did it come from, I wonder ! "
    " From the shadow of this wall, I think," said I, as we emerged upon
a road on which a wall abutted.
    " It's gone ! " he returned, looking over his shoulder. "And all ill
go with it. Now for our dinner ! "
    But, he looked again over his shoulder towards the sea-line glimmering
afar off; and yet again. And he wondered about it, in some broken
expressions, several times, in the short remainder of our walk; and only
 seemed to forget it when the light of fire and candle shone upon us,
 seated warm and merry, at table.
    Littimer was there, and had his usual effect upon me. When I said to
him that I hoped Mrs. Steerforth and Miss Dartle were well, he answered
respectfully (and of course respectably), that they were tolerably well, he
thanked me, and had sent their compliments. This was all, and yet he
seemed to me to say as plainly as a man could say : " You are very young,
sir ; you are exceedingly young."
    We had almost finished dinner, when taking a step or two towards the
table, from the corner where he kept watch upon us, or rather upon me,
as I felt, he said to his master:
    " I beg your pardon, sir.    Miss Mowcher is down here."
    "Who ? " cried Steerforth, much astonished.
    " Miss Mowcher, sir."
    " Why, what on earth does she do here?" said Steerforth.
    " I t appears to be her native part of the country, sir. She informs me
that she makes one of her professional visits here, every year, sir. I met
her in the street this afternoon, and she wished to know if she might have
the honor of waiting on you after dinner, sir."
    "Do you know the Giantess in question, Daisy ? " inquired Steerforth.
    I was obliged to confess-I felt ashamed, even of being at this dis-
advantage before Littimer-that          Miss Mowcher and I were wholly
unacquainted.
    "Then you shall know her," said Steerforth, "for she is one of
the seven wonders of the world. When Miss Mowcher comes, show
her in."
