                           OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

     "Up from anywhere, then? " said I, taking my seat near him.
     "I was looking at the pictures in the fire," he returned.
     "But you are spoiling them for me," said I, as he stirred it quickly
  with a piece of burning wood, striking out of it a train of red-hot sparks
  that went careering up the little chimney, and roaring out into the air.
     " You would not have seen them," he returned. " I detest this mongrel

 time, neither day nor night. How late you are ! Where have you been? "
     "I have been taking leave of my usual walk," said I.
    "And I have been sitting here," said Steerforth, glancing round the
 room, "thinking that all the people we found so glad on the night of our
 coming down, might-to judge from the present wasted air of the place-
 be dispersed, or dead, or come to I don't know what harm. David, I
 wish to God I had had a judicious father these last twenty years ! "
    "My dear Steerforth, what is the matter ? "
    " I wish with all my soul I had been better guided!" he exclaimed.
 " I wish with all my soul I could guide myself better ! "
    There was a passionate dejection in his manner that quite amazed me.
 H e was more unlike himself than I could have supposed possible.
    " I t would be better to be this poor Peggotty, or his lout of a
 nephew," he said, getting up and leaning moodily against the chimney-
 piece, with his face towards the fire, '* than to be myself, twenty times
 richer and twenty times wiser, and be the torment to myself that I have
 been, in this Devil's bark of a boat, within the last half-hour ! "
    I was so confounded by the alteration in him, that at first I could only
 observe him in silence, as he stood leaning his head upon his hand, and
 looking gloomily down at the fire. At length I begged him, with all the
 earnestness I felt, to tell me what had occurred to cross him so unusually,
 and to let me sympathise with him, if I could not hope to advise him.
 Before I had well concluded, he began to laugh-fretfully at first, but
 soon with returning gaiety.
    " Tut, it's nothing, Daisy ! nothing ! " he replied.     " I told you, at
the inn in London, I am heavy company for myself, sometimes. I have
been a nightmare to myself, just now-must have had one, I think. At
 odd dull times, nursery tales come up into the memory, unrecognised for
what they are. I believe I have been confounding myself with the bad
 boy who ' didn't care,' and became food for lions-a grander kind of going
to the dogs, I suppose. What old women call the horrors, have been
 creeping over me from head to foot. I have been afraid of myself."
    "You are afraid of nothing else, I think," said I.
    "Perhaps not, and yet may have enough to be afraid of too,)' he
answered. " Well! So it goes by ! I am not about to be hipped again,
David; but I tell you, my good fellow, once more, that it would have
been well for me (and for more than me) if I had had a steadfast and
judicious father ! "
    His face was always full of expression, but I never saw it express such
a dark kind of earnestness as when he said these words, with his glance
bent on the fire.
    " So much for that ! " he said, making as if he tossed something light
into the air, with his hand.
                 " 'Why,    being gone, I am a man again,'
                                                             €4   N
