              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

in this endeavour, and to assume, for my sake, a condition something
like a housekeeper's, and when she meets with a base return-"
   " Oh, pray, pray, Edward," cried my mother, " don't accuse me of being

ungrateful. I am sure I am not ungrateful. No one ever said I was,
before. I have many faults, but not that. Oh, don't, my dear !"
   "When Jane Murdstone meets, I say," he went on, after waiting until
my mother was silent, "with a base return, that feeling of mine is chilled
and altered."
   "Don't, my love, say that!" implored my mother, very piteously.
" Oh, don't, Edward ! I can't bear to hear it. Whatever I am, I am
affectionate. I know I am affectionate. I wouldn't say it, if I wasn't
certain that I am. Ask Peggotty. I am sure she '11 tell you I 'm &ec-
tionate."
   "There is no extent of mere weakness, Clara," said Mr. Murdstone in
reply, "that can have the least weight with me. You lose breath."
   " Pray let us be friends," said my mother, " I couldn't live under
coldness or unkindness. I am so sorry. I have a great many defects, I
know, and it's very good of you, Edward, with your strength of mind, to
endeavour to correct them for me. Jane, I don't object to anything.
I should be quite broken-hearted if you thought of leaving-"          My
mother was too much overcome to go on.
   " Jane Murdstone," said Mr. Murdstone to his sister, " any harsh words
between us are, I hope, uncommon. I t is not my fault that so unusual an
occurrence has taken place to-night. I was betrayed into it by another.
Nor is it your fault. You were betrayed into it by another. Let us
both try to forget it. And as this," he added, after these magnanimous
words, " is not a fit scene for the boy-David, go to bed ! "
   I could hardly find the door, through the tears that stood in my eyes.
I was so sorry for my mother's distress ; but I groped my way out, and
groped my way up to my room in the dark, without even having the
heart to say good night to Peggotty, or to get a candle from her. When
her coming up to look for me, an hour or so afterwards, awoke me,
 she said that my mother had gone to bedpoorly, and that Mr. and Miss
Murdstone were sitting alone.
   Going down next morning rather earlier than usual, I paused outside
the parlor-door, on hearing my mother's voice. She was very earnestly
and humbly entreating Miss Murdstone's pardon, which that lady granted,
and a perfect reconciliation took place. I never knew my mother after-
wards to give an opinion on any matter, without first appealing to Miss
Murdstone, or without having first ascertained, by some sure means, what
Miss Murdstone's opinion was ; and I never saw Miss Murdstone, when out
of temper (she was infirm that way), move her hand towards her bag as if
she were going to take out the keys and offer to resign them to my
mother, without seeing that my mother was in a terrible fright.
   The gloomy taint that was in the Murdstone blood, darkened the
Murdstone religion, which was austere and wrathful. I have thought,
since, that its assuming that character was a necessary consequence of
Mr. Murdstone's firmness, which wouldn't allow him to let any body off
from the utmost weight of the severest penalties he could find any excuse
for. Be this as it may, I well remember the tremendous visages with
