136           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 indicated, and walked on a good distance without coming to the houses he
 had mentioned. At length I saw some before me ; and approaching them,
 went into a little shop (it was what we used to call a general shop, at
 home), and inquired if they could have the goodness to tell me where
 Miss Trotwood lived. I addressed myself to a man behind the counter,
 who was weighing some rice for a young woman; but the latter, taking
the inquiry to herself, turned round quickly.
    " My mistress ?"   she said. '' What do you want with her, boy ? "
    " I want," I replied, "to speak to her, if you please."
    "To beg of her, you mean," retorted the damsel.
    "No," I said, "indeed." But suddenly remembering that in truth I
came for no other purpose, I held my peace in confusion, and felt my face
burn.
    My aunt's handmaid, as I supposed she was from what she had said,
put her rice in a little basket and walked out of the shop ; telling me that
I could follow her, if I wanted to know where Miss Trotwood lived.
I needed no second permission ; though I was by this time in such a state
of consternation and agitation, that my legs shook under me. I followed
the young woman, and we soon came to a very neat little cottage with
cheerful bow-windows : in front of it, a small square gravelled court or
garden full of flowers, carefully tended, and smelling deliciously.
    " This is Miss Trotwood's," said the young woman. " Now you know ;
and that's all I have got to say." With which words she hurried into the
house, as if to shake off the responsibility of my appearance ; and left me
standing at the garden-gate, looking disconsolately over the top of it
towards the parlor-window, where a muslin curtain partly undrawn in the
middle, a large round green screen or fan fastened on to the window-sill, a
small table, and a great chair, suggested to me that my aunt might be
at that moment seated in awful state.
    My shoes were by this time in a woeful condition. The soles had shed
themselves bit by bit, and the upper leathers had broken and burst until
the very shape and form of shoes had departed from them. My hat
(which had served me for a night-cap, too) was so crushed and bent, that
no old battered handle-less saucepan on a dunghill need have been
ashamed to vie with it. My shirt and trowsers, stained with heat, dew,
grass, and the Kentish soil on which I had slept-and torn besides-
might have frightened the birds from my aunt's garden, as I stood at the
gate. My hair had known no comb or brush since I left London. My
face, neck, and hands, from unaccustomed exposure to the air and sun,
were burnt to a berry-brown. From head to foot I was powdered almost
as white with chalk and dust, as if I had come out of a lime-kiln. I n
this plight, and with a strong consciousness of it, I waited to introduce
myself to, and make my first impression on, my formidable aunt.
    The unbroken stillness of the parlor-window leading me to infer, after
a-while, that she was not there, I lifted up my eyes to the window above
it, where I saw a florid, pleasant-looking gentleman, with a grey head,
who shut up one eye in a grotesque manner, nodded his head at me
several times, shook it at me as often, laughed, and went away.
    I had been discomposed enough before ; but I was so much the more
discomposed by this unexpected behaviour, that I was on the point of
