               T H E PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    H e sneaked back into his cell, amidst a little chorus of approbation;
 and both Traddles and I experienced a great relief when he was locked in.
    It was a characteristic feature in this repentance, that I was fain to ask
 what these two men had done, to be there a t all. That appeared to be
 the last thing about which they had anything to say. I addressed myself
to one of the two warders, who, I suspected, from certain latent indications
in their faces, knew pretty well what all this stir was worth.
    ' &lt; D o you know," said I, as we walked along the passage, "what felony
was Number Twent,y Seven's last 'folly ?' "
   The answer was, that it was a Bank case.
    " A fraud or1 the Bank of England ? " I asked.
    "Yes, sir. Fraud, forgery, and conspiracy. H e and some others.
E-Ie set the others on. It was a deep plot for a large sum. Sentence,
transportation for life. Twenty Seven was the knowingest bird of the lot,
and had very nearly kept himself safe; but not quite. The Bank was just
able to put salt upon his tail-and only just."
    " D o you know Twenty Eight's offence?"
    " Twenty Eight," returned my informant, speaking throughout in a
low tone, and looking over his shoulder as we walked along the passage,
to guard himself from being overheard, in such an unlawfi~lreference to
these Imn~aculates,by Creakle and the rest ; "Twenty Eight (also trans-
portation) got a place, and robbed a young master of a matter of two
hundred and fifty pounds in money and valuables, the night before they
were going abroad. I particularly recollect his case, from his being took
by a dwarf.
    " A what?"
   " A little woman. I have forgot her name."
   " N o t Mowcher ? "
    "That 'S it ! H e had eluded pursuit, and was going to America In a
flaxen wig, and whiskers, and such a complete disguise as never you see
in all your born days ; when the little woman, being in Southampton, met
him walking along the street-picked him out with her sharp eye i n a
moment-ran        betwixt his legs to upset him-and      held on to him like
grim Death."
   "Excellent Miss hlowcher ! " cried I.
   "You'd have said so, if you had seen her, standing on a chair in the
witness-box at his trial, as I did," said my friend. " H e cut her face
right open, and pounded her in the most brutal manner, when she took
him ; but she never loosed her hold till he was locked up. She held so tight
to him, in fact, that the officers were obliged to take 'em both together.
She gave her evidence in the gamest way, and was highly complimented
by the Bench, and cheered right home to her lodgings. She said in
Court that she 'd have took him single-handed (on account of what she knew
concerning him), if he had been Samson. And it 'S my belief she would! "
   I t was mine too, and I highly respected Miss Mowcher for it.
   W e had now seen all there was to see. It would have been in vain to
represent to sneh a man as the Worshipful Mr. Creakle, that Twenty
Seven and Twenty Eight were perfectly consistent and unchanged; that
exactly what they were then, they had always been ; that the hypocritical
ltnaves were just the subjects to make that sort of profession in such a
