                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          169
 and hard work in the second. Accordingly, I went to work very hard,
 both in play and in earnest, and gained great commendation. And, in a very
 little while, the Murdstone and Grinby life became so strange to me that I
 hardly believed init, while my present life grew so familiar, that I seemed
 to have been leading it a long time.
     Doctor Strong's was an excellent school; as different from Mr Creakle's
 as good is from evil. I t was very gravely and decorously ordered, and on
 a sound system; with an appeal, in everything, to the honour and good
faith of the boys, and an avowed intention to rely on their possession of
those qualities unless they proved themselves unworthy of it, which worked
wonders. We all felt that we had a part in the management of the place,
and in sustaining its character and dignity. Hence, we soon became
warmly attached to it-I am sure I did for one, and I never knew, in all
my time, of any other boy being otherwise-and learnt with a good will,
desiring to do it credit. We had noble games out of hours, and plenty of
liberty; but even then, as I remember, we were well spoken of in the town,
and rarely did any disgrace, by our appearance or manner, to the reputation
of Doctor Strong and Doctor Strong's boys.
     Some of the higher scholars boarded in the Doctor's house, and through
them I learnt, at second hand, some particulars of the Doctor's history-as
how he had not yet been married twelve months to the beautiful young lady
I had seen in the study, whom he had married for love ;as she had not a six-
pence, and had a world of poor relations (so our fellows said) ready to swarm
the Doctor out of house and home. Also, how the Doctor's cogitating
manner was attributable to his being always engaged in looking out for
Greek roots ; which, in my innocence and ignorance, 1 supposed to be a
botanical furor on the Doctor's part, especially as he always looked at the
ground when he walked about-until I understood that they were roots of
words, with a view to a new Dictionary, which he had in contemplation.
Adams, our head-boy, who had a turn for mathematics, had made a calcu-
lation, I was informed, of the time this Dictionary would take in completing,
on the Doctor's plan, and at the Doctor's rate of going. He considered
that it might be done in one thousand six hundred and forty-nine years,
counting from the Doctor's last, or sixty-second, birthday.
    But the Doctor himself was the idol of the whole school : and it must
have been a badly composed school if he had been anything else, for he
was the kindest of men; with a simple faith in him that might have
touched the stone hearts of the very urns upon the wall. As he walked
up and down that part of the court-yard which was at the side of the
house, with the stray rooks and jackdaws looking after him with their
heads cocked slyly, as if they knew how much more knowing they were in
worldly affairs than he, if any sort of vagabond could only get near enough
to his creaking shoes to attract his attention to one sentence of a tale of
distress, that vagabond was made for the next two days. I t was so
notorious in the house, that the masters and head-boys took pains to
cut these marauders off at angles, and to get out of windows, and turn
them out of the court-yard, before they could make the Doctor aware of their
presence; which was sometimes happily effected within a few yards of
him, without his knowing anything of the matter, as he jogged to and fro.
Outside his own domain, and unprotected, he was a very sheep for the
shearers. He would have taken his gaiters off his legs, to give away. I n
