                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                        3

                                                                                        DOYLE,
                                                                               by RICHARD
This day is Published, in sn~allavo, price 3s. 6d., with numerous Illzcstratio?~~

           T H E E N C H A N T E D DOLL.
                                   1 S a i r p Ealc for ?Little IBeopIc.
                                         BY MARK LEMON.

                                 Now Ready, in crown octavo,price 16s.

       PAXTON'S BOTANICAL DICTIONARY.
                A NEW EDITION, CORRECTED T O THE PRESENT TIME.
  Comprising the Names, Histo?*y, and Culture of all Plants knowm in Brita& with a fur8
                              Explanation of Technical Terms.
   Prepared as an instant resource and standard of consultation, and invaluable to all lovers of horticulture
in all its branches and of every grade. Within its columns is compressed all the most important information
relative to admired plants, which its size and avowed design would admit, and with this volume in his
pocket the cultivator of plants may perambulate his own garden, and visit those of his friends, or public
exhibitions, in the full assurance of deriving every fact of interest respecting any particular object that
may engage his attention.
    ***   For the convenience of persons possessing the First Edition, a SUPPLEMENT, containing all the New
                                  Plants since its appearance, is published, price 5s.

       Now publishing in iMbmthly N2crnbers,price One Shilling each, with Illzcstrativt oa Xteel
                   and Wood by the Author, to be completed im Twenty N~mbers,

                             PENDENNIS:
       His Fortunes and Misfortunes, Ris Friends, and Eis Greatest Enemy,
                         BY W. M. THACKERAY,
                        Author of " Vanity Fair," " The Great Hoggarty Diamond," &c. &e. &c.
  " We    recognise in 'Pendennis ' the able and vigorous  humoured but effective satire and ridicule with which he
intellect which evinced so intimate a knowledge of life     assails them, his extraordinary aptitudeinthe delineation
and such inimitable powers of portraiture in ' Vanity       of character, and his happy facility in seizing its salient
 Fair.' Mr. Thackeray's sympathies are all healthy and      points, the quiet unpremeditatedness with which his
mvigorating-there is an indomitable spirit of English       thoughts flow from his pen, and the tone of wholesome
frankness and manliness about him-he is the sworn           morality which pervades his writings, all combine to
enemy of all humbng and pretension, and the good            render   him deservedly popular."       3forning Herald.


                                                                                    LEECH,
     Now complete in One Volume, post 8u0,price 'is., with Twelve Illwtratims Zy-JOHN

             A MAN MADE OF MONEY.
                                       BY DOUGLAS JERROLD.
   "This, Mr. Jerrold's last work, is without compa-
rison, his greatest. I t displays a rare combination of
fancy, philosophy, and kindliness, which will cause it to
                                   BRADBURY
                                                           I
                                                           be kept warm in the memory of the public when many a
                                                           production now at the summit of popularity shall be
                                                           swept into the gulf of oblivion.
                                              A N D EVANS,11, BOUYERIE   STREET.
                                                                                                  Sunday Times.



This day ispublided, plice Is., handsomely hound i n cloth, with nzcmerozbs Woodcuts represerkkimg the
                          Processes of ffrafing, Budding, Layeriltg, &c.,

           T H E LADIES' COMPANION T O T H E
                   FLOWER GARDEN.
  Being a n Alphabetical Arrangement of all the Ornamental Plants grown i n Gardens and Shrubberies ;
                                with F u l l Directions for their Culture.

                                         BY MRS, LOUDON.
                   THE FIFTH EDITION, CORRECTED TO THE PRESENT TIME.
                                             --                      A




                  London : Published, for the Proprietor, by Bradbury & Evans, 11,Bouverie Street.
