2                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.

                        ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY PERIODICAL FOR LADIES.
          A70w ready, price Ten Shillings handsomely bound i n a Wrapper designed expressly for the Work
                               by H N. ~ U M P H R F V B ,Esq., t h e FIRST VOLUME Of


     T H E L A D I E S ' COMPANION
                                           dt Borne anb kltcoab.
             EMBELLISHED WITH A NUMBER OF BEAUTIFUL ILLUSTRATIONS ON WOOD.
   A Number i s published Weekly, price 3d., or Stamped, 4d. ; also a P a r t a t t h e end of each month. Parts I .
t o VIII. may be h a d of all Booksellers.
                                          OFFICE, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.

                    Second Edition, Enlarged, with Portrait of t h e A u t h o r j Cloth. Price 5s.

         R U I N S O F MANY LANDS.
                             A PILGRIMAGE.                BY NICHOLAS MICHELL.
CONTENTS   :-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Nuhia-Egypt-                        Central America-Rock-Temples of India-Athens-
    Rome-Pompeii-Carthage-Tyre-Baalbec-Palmyra-Susa-Persepolis-                            Geraza-Jerusalem, &c.
  "This is evidently t h e highest poetical effort published i n this country in its style for s o m e years."-Talt's
Edinburgh Magazine.
  '*Ideas m o r e refined, poetic beauties more richly developed, and classic knowledge m o r e extensive, w e
scarcely remember t o have seen. T h e work i s most valuable ;we recommend i t t o every library."-Cambridge
Independent Press.
    Few modern volumes of poetry reach a second edition ; Mr. Michell's work. like Sir E. Bulwer Lytton's
                                                         .. .
  King Arthur.' is a n exception t o t h e rule. T h e two volumes have no resemblance except i n t h e f a c t t h a t
both deserve t h e distinction they have attained.                   T h e author moves over all t h e celebrated ruins of t h e
world; his verse issuited t o thesubject, f u l l a n d solemn, and t h e volume evinces a profound acquaintance with
ancient history. Mr. Michell h a s profusely used t h e rlch materials a t his disposal; few will read t h e work
without g l e a n ~ n gsome new f a c t , a n d all will close it, determined to open it again, a s a book weii calculated t o
elevate, improve, a n d solemnise t h e mind."-GZa6g.o~ Daily Mail, January 7, 1850.

            LONDON : WlLLIAM TEGG a n d Co., 85, Queen Street, Cheapside; and all Booksellers.

          NEW WORKS FOR T H E YOUNG.                                    T o be ready on 1st September, price Is. 6d..
        A NEW T A L E BY SILVERPEN.                               T H E EMBROIDERED BANNER.
Published this day, beautifully Illustrated by H A R V E Y ,        1 and other Marvels. With Elght coloured
       urice 7s. 6d.. eleeantlv hound a n d eilt.                 Illustrations o n Steel, by ALFREOASHLEY. By t h e

T H E ~ D O G T O R L* ~I T T L E
                                                                  Author o f " T h e Horse Guards." " T h e Days w h e n
                                                                  we had Tails o n us," " T h e M a n who eloped with
           DAUGHTER. The Story of a Child's Life                  his o w n Wife," " T h e Secretary." " T h e White
    midst t h e Woods and Hills. By E L I Z AMETEYARD,            Charger," '' Penelope Wedgebone," &c.
      J u s t Published, price 2s. 6d cloth, gilt edges,              J. 81 D. A. D A R L I N O126,
                                                                                                . Bishopsgate-street.
THOUGHTS FOR HOME, in Prose
       and Verse. by Mrs. T R O M A S  GELDART.                   C U T A N E O U S DISEASES, Ring-
       Also, by s a m e Author. recently published,                         worm, and Scorbutic Humours cured b y
TRUTH I S EVERY THING.                                            HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT and PILLS. The viru-
                                                                  lence o f these complaints i s very much increased by
           NEW ILLUSTRATED SERIES,                                t h e impurity o f t h e blood, therefore to cleanse t h e
      Handsomely hound a n d gilt, price 2s. 6d. each.            s a m e i s t h e first step towards checking the b a n e f n l
                              I.                                  effects of these maladies on the constitution, a n d
HOW TO WIN LOVE ;OR, RHODA'S
                          LESSON.                                 there i s n o medicine s o efficient for this purpose a s
      Second Edition.                                             Holloway's Pills, with which should be applied his
                             11.                                  invaluable ointment, as when comb'ned t h e r e i s n o
STRATAGEMS.               BY CAMILLATOULMIK.                      disease of t h e skin that can resist their c u r a t i v e
                                                                  powers. For the cure of old wounds. bad legs glan.
                                                                  dular swellings, and ulcerous sores these m e i i c i n e s
PIPPIE'S WARN&& BY ~ m C .n o w ~ .                               a r e unequalled. Sold by all Druggists, a n d a t Pro.
                            .%
                             1'                                   fessor Holloway's Establishment, 244, Strand.
MY OLD PUPILS.                    By the Author    of    My
      Schoolboy Days."                             For Purifying the Blood and Strength-
                                                        ening the Digestive Organs.
PLEASANT            PASTIME ; OR, DRAWING-
    Roonl D R A M A FSO R    PRIVATEREPRESENTATION WRENCH'S SARSAPARILLA AND
    B Y T I ~ EYOUNC. By a LADY.                                  I'      CIIAllOHILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of
A n T ~ u nHALL.VIRTUE& Co.. 25. Paternoster-row.                 these weli known valuable Medicine% I t i s suited
                                                                  for either sex, a n d will prove a certain c u r e for Indi-
                                                                  gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
THE            POSTMASTER-GENERAL                                 Fits, Wasting of t h e Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,
        havlng officially notified t o the public t h e           Rheumatic a n d Nervous Affections, and ail Impurities
necessity of using Hard Sealing Wax for correspon-                of Blood caused by unhealthyclimates, too sedentary
dence t o hot climates, HYDE & CO., of 61, Fleet st.,             a life, dissipation, a n d other causes. However debili-
Sealing-Wax Makers t o t h e Queen and t h e govern-              tated t h e system, or deep-rooted t h e disease, b y t h e
ment, intimate t h a t they manufacture the INDIA                 diligent use of this purifying Medicine t h e energies
WAX t o t h e order of t h e Comptroller of her Majesty's         of t h e whole nervous system will be augmented, a
Stationery Office. This Wax. from its peculiar pro.               more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
perties, affords t h e only security t o foreign letters.         produced, and feebleness, and all the deplorable
Each stick is stamped " India Wax for H o t Climates.             symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength a n d
Hyde, London."-Supplied        wholesnle and retail, at           health be restored t o t h e feeble and afflicted by i t s
61, Fleet-street, London, the Mannfactory for Sealing             restorative properties.-Prepared          only by W. A.
Wax of every description ; also by MARION, Regent-                FRENCH,309, Holborn, t w o doors west of Chancery-
street, and Paris; and by all country stationers.                 lane. Price 2s. gd., 4s. 6d., lls., a n d 22s.
