               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  on the opposite chimney-pots, and thinking about Dora; until Mr. Spenlow
  came in, crisp and curly.
       How are yon, Copperfield? " said he. " Fine morning ! "
     "Beautiful morning, sir," said I. " Could I say a word to you before
 you go into Court ? "
     "By all means," said he. "Come into my room."
    I followed him into his room, and he began putting on his gown, and
 touching himself up before alittle glass he had, hanging inside a closet door.
    " I am sorry to say," said I, "that I have some rather disheartening
 intelligence from my aunt."
    "No ! " said he. "Dear me ! Not paralysis, I hope ? "
    " I t has no reference to her health, sir," I replied. " She has met with
 some large losses. I n fact, she has very little left, indeed."
    " You as-tound me, Copperfield ! " cried Mr. Spenlow.
    I shook my head. " Indeed, sir," said I, "her affairs are so changed,
that I wished to ask you whether it would be possible-at a sacrifice
on our part of some portion of the premium, of course," I put in this, on
the spur of the moment, warned by the blank expression of his face-" to
cancel my articles ? "
    What it cost me to make this proposal, nobody knows. It was like
asking, as a favor, to be sentenced to transportation from Dora.
    " To cancel your articles, Copperfield ?    Cancel ? "
    I explained with tolerable firmness, that I really did not know where
my means of subsistence were to come from, unless I could earn them
for myself. I had no fear for the future, I said-and I laid great emphasis
on that, as if to imply that I should still be decidedly eligible for a son-
in-law one of these days-but, for the present, I was thrown upon my
own resources.
    "I am extremely sorry to hear this, Copperfield," said Mr. Spenlow.
"Extremely sorry. I t is not usual to cancel articles for any such reason.
I t is not a professional course of proceeding. I t is not a convenient pre-
cedent at all. Far from it. At the same time "-
    "You are very good, sir," I murmured, anticipating a concession.
    " Not at all. Don't mention it," said Mr. Spenlow. " At the same
time, I was going to say, if it had been my lot to have my hands unfet-
tered-if I had not a partner-Mr. Jorkins "-
    My hopes were dashed in a moment, but I made another effort.
    "Do you think, sir," said I, "if I were to mention it to Mr. Jorkins-"
    Mr. Spenlow shook his head discouragingly. " Heaven forbid, Copper-
field," he replied, "that I should do any man an injustice; still less,
Mr. Jorkins. But I know my partner, Copperfield. Mr. Jorkins is not
a man to respond to a proposition of this peculiar nature. Mr. Jorkins
is very difficult to move from the beaten track. You know what he is ! "
    I am sure I knew nothing about him, except that he had originally been
alone in the business, and now lived by himself in a house near Montagu
 Square, which was fearfully in want of painting ; that he came very late of
a day, and went away very early; that he never appeared to be consulted
about anything; and that he had a dingy little black-hole of hisown up-stairs,
 where no business was ever done, and where there was a yellow old
 cartridge-paper pad upon his desk, unsoiled by ink, and reported to be
 twenty years of age.
