                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            57
    Salem House was a square brick building with wings ; of a bare and
unfurnished appearance. All about it was so very quiet, that I said to
Mr. Mell I supposed the boys were out ; but he seemed surprised at my not
knowing that it was holiday-time. That all the boys were at their several
homes. That Mr. Creakle, the proprietor, was down by the sea-side with
Mrs. and Miss Creakle ; and that I was sent in holiday-time as a punish-
ment for my misdoing, all of which he explained to me as we went along.
   I gazed upon the schoolroom into which he took me, as the most
forlorn and desolate place I had ever seen. I see it now. A long room
with three long rows of desks, and six of forms, and bristling all round
with pegs for hats and slates. Scraps of old copybooks and exercises,
litter the dirty floor. Some silkworms' houses, made of the same materials,
are scattered over the desks. Two miserable little white mice, left behind
by their owner, are running up and down in a fusty castle made of paste-
board and wire, looking in all the corners with their red eyes for anything
to eat. A bird, in a cage a very little bigger than himself, makes a mournful
rattle now and then in hopping on his perch, two inches high, or dropping
from it ; but neither sings nor chirps. There is a strange unwholesome
smell upon the room, like mildewed corduroys, sweet apples wanting air,
and rotten books. There could not well be more ink splashed about it, if
it had been roofless from its first construction, and the skies had rained,
snowed, hailed, and blown ink through the varying seasons of the year.
   Mr. Me11 having left me while he took his irreparable boots up-stairs, I
went softly to the upper end of the room, observing all this as I crept
along. Suddenly I came upon a pasteboard placard, beautifully written,
which was lying on the desk, and bore these words-" Take care of him.
H e bites."
   I got upon the desk immediately, apprehensive of at least a great dog
underneath. But, though I looked all round with anxious eyes, I could
see nothing of him. I was still engaged in peering about, when Mr. Mell
came back, and asked me what I did up there.
   " I beg your pardon, sir," says I, &lt;'   if you please, I 'm looking for the
dog."
   " Dog,? " says he. " What dog ? "
   " Isn t it a dog, sir ? "
   " Isn 't what a dog ? "
   " That's to be taken care of, sir; that bites."
   " No, Copperfield," says he gravely, " that's not a dog. That 's a boy.
My instructions are, Copperfield, to put this placard on your back. I am
sorry to make such a beginning with you, but I must do it."
   With that, he took me down, and tied the placard, which was neatly
constructed for the purpose, on my shoulders like a knapsack; and
wherever I went, afterwards, I had the consolation of carrying it.
   What I suffered from that placard, nobody can imagine. Whether
it was possible for people to see me or not, I always fancied that
somebody was reading it. I t was no relief to turn round and find
nobody; for wherever my back was, there I imagined somebody always
to be. That cruel man with the wooden leg, aggravated my sufferings.
H e was in authority; and if he ever saw me leaning against a tree,
or a wall, or the house, he roared out from his lodge-door in a
