                                  Division (B.)-Vegetable             Kingdom.
      The objects which the Commission i s most desirous of receiving, among the products of the Vegetable
 Kingdom, are such as from their utility, novelty, or practical interest may appear especially deserving public
 attention. Peculiarly fine samples of substances in common use; authenticated samples of substances having
 similar properties, but derived from digerent sources-such as Arrowroot, Sago, &c. Dyeing Materials, accom-
 panied by specimens exhibiting the effect of such Materials. Fancy Wood, both in the polishell, rough, and
 manufactured state. All sorts of materials, which are applicable to the manalkcturc of linen, corduge, wiclier
 work, paper, and the like.
      Nothing, however, appears snitable to this Exhibition except such results of human industry as are capable
 of being preserved without injury through several months.
                                      Division (C.)-Animal Kingdom.
     As Illustrations in this Division, the various Processes of Preparation may be exhibited i n connection with
 the Raw Materials : and i n some cases a Finished Article may be introduced as the termination of a series of
 objects in preparatory stages.
      Nothing, however, appears suitable to this Exhibition except snch results of human industry as are capable
 of being preserved without injury through several months.

                                      Section 2.-Machinery.
                             Division (A.)-Machines              for Direct Use.
      Machines will be exhibited in motion, whenever i t may be desirable to do so, and it n;ay be found prac-
 ticable to provide the necessary arrangements for that purpose.
                              Division (B.)-Manufacturing                Machines.
      Although in arranging this class for exhibition, it will generally be found advisable to separate the Products
 from the Producing Mechanism; yet the latter should always he accompanied with sufficient specimens of the
 Raw Material, in its several stages of manufacture, and of the finished product, to make the operation of the
 Machinery intelligible.
      The complete series of tools and machinery that belongs to the manufacture of any object of common use,
 such as a watch, a button, or a needle, accompa~iied by specimens of the object and its parts, in their various
 stages of progress, is so instructive and interesting, that it is very desirable to obtain several such series for the
 proposed Exhibition.
                                      Section 3.-Manufactures.
      Manufactures to be exhibited in this Section must be in their Finished state, as fit for use.
      Designs for Manufactures wiil be exhibited in the Section of Manufactures.
      All Articles to be admitted in this Section must exhibit one or more of the following qualifications :-
          1. Increased usefulness, such as permanency in dyes; improved forms and arrangements in articles of
                  utility, &c.
          2. Superior skill in Workmanship, as in block-printing, chasing, &c.
          3. New use of known Materials.
          4 Use of New Materials.
          6. New Combinations of Materials, as in Metal and Pottery.
          6. Beauty of Design, in form, or colonr, or both, with reference to Utility.
          7. Cheapness, relatively to excellence of Production.

              Section 4.-Sculpture, Models, and the Plastic Art.
       Objects formed in any kind of material, if they exhibit such a degree of taste and skill as to come under the
 denomination of Fine Art, may be admitted into this Section.
       The Specimens exhibited shall be works of Living Artists
      Oil Paintings and Water-Colour Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, are not to be admitted, except as illus-
 trations or examples of materials and processes ; and Portrait Busts are not to be admitted.
                                 --



                 FOREIGN AND COLONIAL PRODUCTIONS.
        Arrangements made by t h e Board of Customs t o admit Foreign a n d Colonial Productions
                                  for t h e purposes of t h e Exhibition of 1851.
 1st. That all Works intended for the Exhibition should, in the first instance, be admitted into this country without
   payment of duty; that the Goods should not be subject to examination at the Waterside, but conveyed to the
   place of Exhibition, at the expense of the Importer, under charge of proper officers of the Customs, to be
   there opened by the Importer or his Agent, and examined in the presence of the proper OHicer of the Customs,
   in order to assess the amount of duty which would become payable thereon if sold in this country, and such
   marks attached thereto as may he considered necessary to maintain the identity of the Goods.
2nd. T h a t the Goods brought for Exhibition should be considered a s warehoused, under the Warehousing Regn-
  lations, i n the premises appointed for the Exhibition ; and that security be given in each case for the due re.
  exportation of the Goods, or payment of the duty at the close of the Exhibition ;-and no Foreign Goods liable
  to duty to be on any account removed from the premises until the termination of the Exhibition ; and rheu only
  on payment of the duty, or for re-exportation.
3rd. T h a t Goods intended for Exhibition should be imported intoone of the following Ports; viz.-
     ~ONDON,-LI~ERPOOL,-BRISTOL,-HULL,-~E%VCASTLE~-DOYBR~-OLBSTONE,-~~                             SOUTHAMPTON;
  and the Board of Customs to make such regulations, and appoint such Officers of the Department for taking
  charge of the Goods a t the place of Exhibition, in communication with the Commission for conducting the pro-
  ceedings, as may be deemed essential for the security of the interests of the Revenue.
