                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            18'7
guide, philosopher, and friend, and that he would recommend me, when I
came to a marrying time of life, to marry such another woman, if such
another woman could be found.
   As the punch disappeared, Mr. Micawber became still more friendly and
convivial. Mrs. Micawber's spirits becoming elevated, too, we sang "Auld
Lang Syne." When we came to "Here's a hand, my trusty frere," we all
joined hands round the table ; and when we declared we would " take a
right gude Willie Waught," and hadn't the least idea what it meant, we
were really affected.
   I n a word, I never saw any body so thoroughly jovial as Mr. Micawber
was, down to the very last moment of the evening, when I took a hearty
farewell of himself and his amiable wife. Consequently, I was not prepared,
at seven o'clock next morning, to receive the following communication,
dated half-past nine in the evening; a quarter of an hour after I had left him.
  "MY    DEAR   YOUNGFRIEND,
            "The die is cast-all is over. Hiding the ravages of care with
a sickly mask of mirth, I have not informed you, this evening, that there is
no hope of the remittance ! Under these circumstances, alike humiliating
to endure, humiliating to contemplate, and humiliating to relate, I have
discharged the pecuniary liability contracted at this establishment, by
giving a note of hand, made payable fourteen days after date, at my
residence, Pentonville, London. When it becomes due, it will not be taken
up. The result is destruction. The bolt is impending, and the tree must fall.
   " Let the wretched man who now addresses you, my dear Copperfield,
be a beacon to you through life. H e writes with that intention, and in
that hope. If he could think himself of so much use, one gleam of day
might, by possibility, penetrate into the cheerless dungeon of his
remaining existence-though his longevity is, at present (to say the least
of it), extremely problematical.
   "This is the last communication, my dear Copperfield, you will ever
receive                    l r From

                                    The
                                      " Beggared Outcast,

                                                 WILKINS MICAWBER.
   I was so shocked by the contents of this heart-rending letter, that I ran
off directly towards the little hotel with the intention of taking it on my
way to Doctor Strong's, and trying to soothe Mr. Micawber with a word
of comfort. But, half-way there, I met the London coach with Mr. and
Mrs. Micawber up behind; Mr. Micawber, the very picture of tranquil
enjoyment, smiling at Mrs. Micawber's conversation, eating walnuts out
of a paper bag, with a bottle sticking out of his breast pocket. As they
did not see me, I thought it best, all things considered, not to see them.
So, with a great weight taken off my mind, I turned into a by-street that
was the nearest way to school, and felt, upon the whole, relieved that they
were gone ; though I still liked them very much, nevertheless.
