                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            451
that I really did not exactly know what to do: so I took a few turns
up and down the room in my uncertainty, and came back again.
   " Dora, my darling ! "
   "No, I am not your darling. Because you ?nust be sorry that you
married me, or else you wouldn't reason with me ! " returned Dora.
   I felt so injured by the inconsequential nature of this charge, that it
gave me courage to be grave.
   "Now, my own Dora," said I, "you are very childish, and are talking
nonsense. You must remember, I am sure, that I was obliged to go out
yesterday when dinner was half over; and that, the day before, I was
made quite unwell by being obliged to eat underdone veal in a hurry;
to-day, I don't dine at all-and I am afraid to say how long we waited for
breakfast-and      then the water didn't boil. I don't mean to reproach
you, my dear, but this is not comfortable."
   " Oh, you cruel, cruel boy, to say I am a disagreeable wife ! " criedDora.
   "Now my dear Dora, you must know that I never said that ! "
   " You said I wasn't comfortable ! " said Dora.
   " I said the housekeeping was not comfortable."
   " It's exactly the same thing ! " cried Dora. And she evidently
thought so, for she wept most grievously.
   I took another turn across the room, full of love for my pretty wife,
and distracted by self-accusatory inclinations to knock my head against
the door. I sat down again, and said :
   " I am not blaming you, Dora. We have both a great deal to learn.
I am only trying to show you, my dear, that you must-you really must"
(I was resolved not to give this up)-"accustom yourself to look after
Mary Anne. Likewise to act a little for yourself, and me."
   " I wonder, I do, at your making such ungrateful speeches," sobbed

Dora. "When you know that the other day, when you said you would
like a little bit of fish, I went out myself, miles and miles, and ordered it,
to surprise yon."
   "And it was very kind of you, my own darling," said I. " I felt it so
much that I wouldn't on any account have even mentioned that you
bought a Salmon-which was too much for two. Or that it cost one pound
six-which was more than we can afford."
   "You enjoyed it very much," sobbed Dora. "And you said I was
a Mouse."
   "And I'll say so again, my love," I returned, " a thousand times ! "
   But I had wounded Dora's soft little heart, and she was not to be
comforted. She was so pathetic in her sobbing and bewailing, that I felt
as if I had said I don't know what to hurt her. I was obliged to hurry
away; I was kept out late ; and I felt all night such pangs of remorse as
made me miserable. I had the conscience of an assassin, and was haunted
by a vague sense of enormous wickedness.
   I t was two or three hours past midnight when I got home. I found
my aunt, in our house, sitting up for me.
   " I s anything the matter, aunt ? " said I, alarmed.

   " Nothing, Trot," she replied. " Sit down, sit down. Little Blossom
 has been rather out of spirits, and I have been keeping her company.
That's all."
