36            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   She was brought into the parlor with many tokens of welcome, and
there formally recognised my mother as a new and near relation. Then
 she looked at me, and said :
    cc I s that your boy, sister-in-law ? "
   My mother acknowledged me.
    c c Generally speaking," said Miss Murdstone, '&lt; I don't like boys.
 How d' ye do, boy ? "
   Under these encouraging circumstances, I replied that I was very well,
 and that I hoped she was the same; with such an indifferent grace, that
 Miss Murdstone disposed of me in two words :
    '' Wants manner !"
   Having uttered which, with great distinctness, she begged the favor of
being shewn to her room, which became to me from that time forth a
place of awe and dread, wherein the two black boxes were never seen open or
known to be left unlocked, and where (for I peeped in once or twice when
she was out) numerous little steel fetters and rivets, with which Miss
Murdstone embellished herself when she was dressed, generally hung
upon the looking-glass in formidable array.
   As well as I could make out, she had come for good, and had no
intention of ever going again. She began to " helpJ' my mother next
morning, and was in and out of the store-closet all day, putting things to
rights, and making havoc in the old arrangements. Almost the first
 remarkable thing I observed in Miss Murdstone was, her being constantly
 haunted by a suspicion that the servants had a man secreted somewhere
 on the premises. Under the influence of this delusion, she dived into the
 coal-cellar at the most untimely hours, and scarcely ever opened the door
 of a dark cupboard without clapping it to again, in the belief that she
 had got him.
    Though there was nothing very airy about Miss Murdstone, she was a
 perfect Lark in point of getting up. She was up (and, as I believe to this
 hour, looking for that man) before anybody in the house was stirring.
 Peggotty gave it as her opinion that she even slept with one eye open ;
but I could not concur in this idea ; for I tried it myself after hearing the
 suggestion thrown out, and found it couldn't be done.
   On the very first morning after her arrival she was up and ringing her
bell at cock-crow. When my mother came down to breakfast and was
going to make the tea, Miss Murdstone gave her a kind of peck on the
cheek, which was her nearest approach to a kiss, and said :
   " Now, Clara, my dear, I am come here, you know, to relieve you of all

the trouble I can. You're much too pretty and thoughtlessJJ-my mother
blushed but laughed, and seemed not to dislike this character-" to have
any duties imposed upon you that can be undertaken by me. If you'll be
so good as give me your keys, my dear, 1'11 attend to all this sort of thing
in future."
   From that time, Miss Murdstone kept the keys in her own little jail all
day, and under her pillow all night, and my mother had no more to do
with them than I had.
   My mother did not suffer her authority to pass from her without a
shadow of protest. One night when Miss Murdstone had been developing
certain household plans to her brother, of which he signified his approba-
