                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          475
  to find out, once, that she had told the children she was a boatman's
  daughter, and that in her own country, long ago, she had roamed about
  the beach, like them."
     Oh, Emily ! Unhappy beauty ! What a picture rose before me of her
  sitting on the far-off shore, among the children like herself when she was
  innocent, listening to little voices such as might have called her Mother
  had she been a poor man's wife ; and to the great voice of the sea, with
  its eternal " Never more ! "
     " When it was clear that nothing could be done, Miss Dartle-"

     "Did I tell you not to speak to me?" she said, with stern contempt.
     "You spoke to me, miss," he replied. " I beg your pardon. But
 it's my service to obey."
     "Do your service," she returned. "Finish your story, and go ! "
     "When it was clear," he said, with infinite respectability, and an
 obedient bow, "that she was not to be found, I went to Mr. James, at
 the place where it had been agreed that I should write to him, and
 informed him of what had occurred. Words passed between ns in
 consequence, and I felt it due to my character to leave him. I could
 bear, and I have borne, a great deal from Mr. James; but he insulted
 me too far. He hurt me. Knowing the unfortunate difference between
 himself and his mother, and what her anxiety of mind was likely to be, I
 took the liberty of coming home to England, and relating-"
     "For money which I paid him," said Miss Dartle to me.
     "Just so, ma'am-and       relating what I knew. I am not aware," said
 Mr. Littimer, after a moment's reflection, "that there is anything else.
 I am at present out of employment, and should be happy to meet with a
 respectable situation.''
     Miss Dartle glanced at me, as though she would inquire if there were
 anything that I desired to ask. As there was something which had
 occurred to my mind, I said in reply :
     " I could wish to know from this-creature,"     I could not bring myself
to utter any more conciliatory word, "whether they intercepted a letter
that was written to her from home, or whether he supposes that she
received it."
    EIe remained calm and silent, with his eyes fixed on the ground, and
the tip of every finger of his right hand delicately poised against the tip
of every finger of his left.
    Miss Dartle turned her head disdainfully towards him.
     " I beg your pardon, miss," he said, awakening from his abstraction,

"but, however submissive to you, I have my position, though a servant.
Mr. Copperfield and you, miss, are different people. If Mr. Copperfield
wishes to know anything from me, I take the liberty of reminding
Mr. Copperfield that he can put a question to me. I have a character to
maintain."
    After a momentary struggle with myself, I turned my eyes upon him,
and said, " You have heard my q~~estion.Consider it addressed to yourself,
if you choose. What answer do you make ? "
     " Sir," he rejoined, with an occasional separation and reunion of those

delicate tips, " my answer must be qualified ;because, to betray Mr. James's
