                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           291
wonderful to see his face shining at us out of a thin cloud of these delicate
fumes, as he stirred, and mixed, and tasted, and looked as if he were
making, instead of punch, a fortune for his family down to the latest
posterity. As to Mrs. Micawber, I don't know whether it was the
effect of the cap, or the lavender-water, or the pins, or the fire, or the
wax candles, but she came out of my room, comparatively speaking,
lovely. And the lark was never gayer than that excellent woman.
    I suppose-I never ventured to inquire, but I suppose-that Mrs.
Crupp, after frying the soles, was taken ill. Because we broke down at
that point. The leg of mutton came up very red within, and very pale
without : besides having a foreign substance of a gritty nature sprinkled
over it, as if it had had a fall into the ashes of that remarkable kitchen
fire-place. But we were not in a condition to judge of this fact from the
appearance of the gravy, forasmuch as the "young gal " had dropped it all
uponthe stairs-where it remained, by-the-by, in a long train, until it was
worn out. The pigeon-pie was not bad, but it was a delusive pie : the
crust being like a disappointing head, phrenologically speaking : full of
lumps and bumps, with nothing particular underneath, I n short, the
banquet was such a failure that I should have been quite unhappy-about
the failure, I mean, for I was always unhappy about Dora-if I had not
been relieved by the great good-humour of my company, and by a bright
suggestion from Mr. Micawber.
    " My dear friend Copperfield,"      said Mr. Micawber, "accidents will
occur in the best regulated families ; and in families not regulated by that
pervading influence which sanctifies while it enhances the-a-I    would say,
in short, by the influence of Woman, in the lofty character of Wife, they
may be expected with confidence, and must be borne with philosophy. If
you will allow me to take the liberty of remarking that there are few
comestibles better, in their way, than a Devil, and that I believe, with a
little division of labor, we could accomplish a good one if the young
person in attendance could produce a gridiron, I would put it to you, that
this little misfortune may be easily repaired."
    There was a gridiron in the pantry, on which my morning rasher of
bacon was cooked. We had it in, in a twinkling, and immediately applied
ourselves to carrying Mr. Micawber's idea into effect. The division of
labor to which he had referred was this :-Traddles cut the mutton into
slices ; Mr. Micawber (who could do anything of this sort to perfection)
covered them with pepper, mustard, salt, and cayenne ; I put them on the
gridiron, turned them with a fork, and took them off, under Mr. Micawber's
directions ; and Mrs. Micawber heated, and continually stirred, some
mushroom ketchup in a little saucepan. When we had slices enough done
to begin upon, we fell-to, with our sleeves still tucked up at the wrists,
more slices sputtering and blazing on the fire, and our attention divided
between the mutton on our plates, and the mutton then preparing.
    What with the novelty of this cookery, the excellence of it, the bustle
of it, the frequent starting up to look after it, the frequent sitting down
to dispose of it as the crisp slices came off the gridiron hot and hot, the
being so busy, so flushed with the fire, so amused, and in the midst of
such a tempting noise and savor, we reduced the leg of mutton to the
bone. My own appetite came back miraculousiy. I am ashamed to
                                                               u2
