                       OF DAVID COPPEELFIELD.                         601
with Traddles to have my name painted up on his door. There, the devoted
postmen on that beat delivered bushels of letters for me; and there, a t
intervals, I labored through them, like a Home Secretary of State without
the salary.
   Among this correspondence, there dropped in, every now and then,
an obliging proposal from one of the numerous outsiders always lurking
about the Commons, to practise under cover of my name (if I would take
the necessary sleps rem6ning to make a proctor of myself), and pay me
a percentage on the profits. But I declnied these offers; being already
aware that there were plenty of such covert practitioners in ex~stence,and
considering the Commons quite bad enough, without my doing anything
to make ~t worse.
   The girls had gone home, when my name burst into bloom on Traddles's
door; and the sharp boy looked, all day, as if he had never heard of
Sophy, shut up in a back room, glanclng down from her work into a
sooty little strip of garden with a pump in it. But, there I always found
her, the same bright housewife ; often humming her Devonshire ballads
when no strange foot was coming up the stairs, and blunting the sharp
boy in his offic~alcloset with melody.
   I wondered, at first, why I so often found Sophy writing in a copy-book;
and why she always shut it up when I appeared, and hurrled it into the
table-drawer. But the secret soon came out. One day, Tradtiles (who
had just come home through the dr~zzlingsleet from Court) took a
paper out of his desk, and asked me what I thought of that handwriting?
   "Oh, don't, Tom! " cried Sophy, who was warming his slippers before
the fire.
   " M y dear," returned Tom, i n a delighted state, "why n o t ? TnThat
do you say to that writing, Copperfield? "
   " It 'S extraordinarily legal and formal," said I. " 1don't think I ever
saw such a stiff' hand."
   " Not like a lady's hand, is il ? " said Traddles.
   " A lady's ! " I repeated. " Bricks and mortar are more like a lady's
hand ! "
   Traddles broke into a raptnrous laugh, and informed me that it was
Sophy's writing; that Sophy had vowed and declared he would need a
copying-clerk soon, and she wonld be that clerk ; that she had acqu~redthis
hand fiom a pattern ; and that she could throw of-I forget how many
folios an hour. Sophy was very much confused by my being told all this,
and said that when " Tom " was madc a judge he wouldn't be so ready
to proclaim it. Which " Tom " denied ; averring that he should always
be equally proud of it, under all circumstances.
   " What a thoroughly good and charming wife she is, my dear Traddles ! "
said I, when she had gone away, laughing.
   " My dear Copperfield," returned Traddles, " she is, without any excep-

tion, the dearest girl ! The way she manages this place ; her punctuality,
domestic knowledge, economy, and order ; her cheerfulness, Copperfield ! "
    "Indeed, you have reason to commend her ! " I returned. "You
are a happy fellow. I believe you make yourselves, and each other, two
of the happiest people in the world."
   " I am sure we ure two of the happiest people," returned Traddles.
