                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                                              -                            -
                            This day is published, price Fourieen Pence, Part I. of

THE LADIES'        COMPANION
       at Borne an% %broa%.
                                 EDITED BY MRS. LOUDON.
             ASSISTED BY THE MOST EMINENT WRITERS AND ARTISTS.

                                        CONTENTS OF PART I.
                        NO. I.                               What will Mrs. Grundy Say? By HORACEMAYHEW.
                                                             Scientific Mode of Roasting Meat and of Preparing
Red Riding Hood's Doll.                                          Stews and Soups, (taken from ~ ? r e b) i ~By J. W. L.
The Little Girl's Lament. By DORA GREENWELL.                 The Work-Basket. With Illustrations.
The Work-Basket. With Ten Illustrations.                     Dress and Fashion. With numerous Illustrations.
D~~~~~~~in to Tea ; or, Household Troubles. prom             My Receipt Book. By MISS ACTON.
   Sad Experience.                                           Play-Hours.-The " What-Not."-My        Letter Bag.
New Year Festivals and Commemorations.
      Illustration.-Sculptures       from Nineveh.                                         NO. IV.
A Few\Vonls a1,ont C;orerne!sps. Ry TOMTAYLOR,       E F ~ . A Moral for Doctors' Commons. B y REDRIDINGROOD.
          1);iy in 11 r I&lt;nsll. HY J I A R KI.F~IOZI.
c'l~rirtn~ns                                                 Letters on the Chemistry of EveryDay Life.-Fires. By
Letteraon tlre('l~r~nistryof ~ve3.j.Day Life. By Enwnno          EDWARDSOLLYF.R.S.
     SOLLY,F.R.S.                                            On the Cultivation o i Female Taste. By J. W. L. With
Dress and Fashion With an Illustration.                          Illustrations.
Ylav-Hours.-The " What-Not."-Mv Letter-Baa.                  Chimes. By FLORENCE      WILSON.
~ d d r e s by
            s the EDITOR.                                    Window and Balconv Gardens. Bv J. W. L. With
                                                                 Illustrations.
                         NO. 11.                             A Few Wordsabout Governesses. By TOMTAYLOR,ESP.
                                                             Letters of the Ladies of England. B y PETERCUNNING-
                                                                 HAM, ESq.

                            .. *.."""                              Illustration.-Views                in New Zealand.
On the Influence of Female Taste. By J. W. L. With           Dress and Fashion. With Illustrations.
    Five Illustrations.                                      The Work-Basket. With Illustrations.
Crossing the Ferry, (from the German of Uhland). By          Play-Hours.-The '' What-Not."-My     Letter-Bag.
    DORAGREENWELL.
        Illustration.-The        Infant St. John.                                NO. V.
A Few Words about Governesses.     By T. TAYLOR.        The Pire-side Fairy.-Hob's First Visit.
Letters on Physical Geography. By P a o ~ ~ sANSTED.
                                                 s o ~  To a Friend on her Birthday. By DORAGREENWELL.
Scientific Mode of Cooking Meat, (taken from Liebig).   Shakspeare-Studies of Woman.-No. 11. By MARY
     B v J. W. L.                                           COWDENCLARKE.
New year's Day in Scotland.                             Lessons in the School of Life. B y MRS. JAMES  WHITTLE.
Shakspeare-Studies of Woman. By MARY COWDEN                 With an Illustration.
     CLARKE.                                            Winter Gardens. By J. W . L. With an Illustration.
The Work-Basket-La Frivolit& Illustrations.             Household Philosophy-Letters        on Diet. B y Dr.
Dress and Fashion. Illustrated.                             LANKESTER.
                                                        Letters on Phvsical Geoarauhv. B YPsoaEssoa ANSTED.
                                                                                          -   A   "

                       NO. Ill.
                                                            1llustration.-The Babes in the Wood.
A Ballad of King Ren6. With a n Illustration.
" Angeliua's Fainted ! " B y RED RIDINGHOOD.            The School-Room-Cultivation of the Voice. B y F.
Letters on Physical Geography. By PROFESSOR    ANSTED.      ROMER.
The Life of Caroline Pichler. By MRS. p e ~ c vSINNETT. The Dressing-Room-The Boudoir-The Work-Basket.
                                                            With numerous Illustmtions.
      Illustration.-The      Manuscript Room.           Play-Hours.- he " What-Not."-My         Letter-Bag.
***    Nos. I I I . aad IV. of the Stamped Edition, 6ekg out of Print, parties wishing to proCUV4
                complete Sets, may obtain UNSTAMPED COPIES from any Bookseller.

                                        N O T I C E S OF T H E PRESS.
                  MORNINGCHRONICLE.                          to appear hereafter. The objects seem t o combine the
"The object of it is to afford amusement and instruc-        utile in matter with the dulce in mode. ' Red Riding
tion to those to whom it is dedicated. It contains a         Hood's Doll'is a pleasant little fairy tale,recommendatory
number of light agreeable tales and anecdotes written in     of Mr Sidney Herbert's emigration plan, and descrip-
a style calculated to make them popular. Therearealso        tive of the distresses of women in London; the ideas well
a variety of well-executed pictorial Illustrations."         embodied, the story well told, both in the reality and the
                       EXAMINER.                             fancy. and closinn with an available moral for those who
   " Mrs. Loudon's Ladies' Companion, a new weekly           havi'fifteen pocnds, or can only subscribe their mite
                                                             towards it. The ' Work-Basket,' illustrated by plates,
 periodical addressed chiefly t o ladies. The contents of
 the first number are not only lively and varied but have    gives a clear and lively account of a new style of ladies'
 a generally instructive and practical tone; &nd it is       work now fashionable in Paris. 'Mornings in the
printed and illustrated with much elegance and taste.        British iMuseum, No. I.' illustrates both by words and
The undertaking appears to be of excellent promise.          woodcuts the Assyrian sculptures of Dr. Layard. ' Tom
                                                             Taylor, Esq.,'begins a series of sensible papers on
                       SPECTATOR.                            Governesses in which, without losing sight ofthe feeling
   " A handsome-looking quartojournal, containing about      of the subject, something is said about qualification and
as much type as the literary weeklies that of yore were      the fair claims of parents. There are also notices and
published a t eightpence : while Mrs. Loudon offers a        cuts on the ' Fashions.' several nieces of Poetrv. thecom-
better-looking paper with woodcuts for threepence. Her       n &gt; e ~ : c t a ~ rrntt a serics of p~jp;rs cn r1.e ~ l > m i s t r yof
papers in the present number are all original; but reviews   f v r r ~ ti:#?.
                                                                       .      life, and n voricty of hlisccllane:~,beside8 on
                                                    -
of books, appropriate to the objects of the journal, are     r\planatury laider front tl,e Editor."
              BRADBURY 81 EVANS, 11, Bouverie Street, and Sold by all Booksellers and Newsmen.
