                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           341
of the day, that this was the case : Miss Mills having been unhappy in
a misplaced affection, and being understood to have retired from the world
on her awful stock of experience, but still to take a calm interest in the
unblighted hopes and loves of youth.
    But now Mr. Spenlow came out of the house, and Dora went to him,
saying, " Look, papa, what beautiful flowers ! " And Miss Mills smiled
thoughtfully, as who should say, "Ye May-flies, enjoy your brief existence
in the bright morning of life ! " And we all walked from the lawn towards
the carriage, which was getting ready.
    I shall never have such a ride again. I have never had such another.
There were only those three, their hamper, my hamper, and the guitar-
case, in the phaeton; and, of course, the phaeton was open; and I rode
behind it, and Dora sat with her back to the horses, looking towards me.
 She kept the bouquet close to her on the cushion, and wouldn't allow Jip
to sit on that side of her at all, for fear he should crush it. She often
 carried it in her hand, often refreshed herself with its fragrance. Our eyes
at those times often met; and my great astonishment is that I didn't go
over the head of my gallant grey into the carriage.
    There was dust, I believe. There was a good deal of dust, I believe.
 I have a faint impression that Mr. Spenlow remonstrated with me for
 riding in it; but I knew of none. I was sensible of a mist of love and
beauty about Dora, but of nothing else. He stood up sometimes, and
asked me what I thought of the prospect. I said it was delightful, and I
daresay it was ; but it was all Dora to me. The sun shone Dora, and the
birds sang Dora. The south wind blew Dora, and the wild flowers in the
hedges were all Doras, to a bud. My comfort is, Miss Mills understood
me. Miss Mills alone could enter into my feelings thoroughly.
    I don't know how long we were going, and to this hour I know as
little where we went. Perhaps it was near Guildford. Perhaps some
Arabian-night magician, opened up the place for the day, and shut it for
ever when we came away. I t was a green spot, on a hill, carpeted with
soft turf. There were shady trees, and heather, and, as far as the eye
could see, a rich landscape.
    I t was a trying thing to find people here, waiting for us; and my
jealousy, even of the ladies, knew no bounds. But all of my own sex-
especially one impostor, three or four years my elder, with a red whisker,
on which he established an amount of presumption not be endured-were
my mortal foes.
    We all unpacked our baskets, and employed ourselves in getting dinner
ready. Red Whisker pretended he could make a salad (which I don't
believe), and obtruded himself on public notice. Some of the young ladies
washed the lettuces for him, and sliced them under his directions. Dora
was among these. I felt that fate had pitted me against this man, and
one of us must fall.
    Red Whisker made his salad (I wondered how they could eat it.
Nothing should have induced me to touch it !) and voted himself into the
 charge of the wine-cellar, which he constructed, being an ingenious beast,
in the hollow trunk of a tree. By:and-by I saw him, with the majority of
 a lobster on his plate, eating his dinner at the feet of Dora !
    I have but an indistinct idea of what happened for some time after this
