220            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    Probably only in an increase, had that been possible, of the romantic
 feelings of fidelity and friendship with which I walked beside him, over
 the dark wintry sands, towards the old boat; the wind sighing around
us even more mournfully, than it had sighed and moaned upon the night
when I first darkened Mr. Peggotty's door.
    "This is a wild kind of place, Steerforth, is it not ? "
    " Dismal enough in the dark," he said ; " and the sea roars as if it were
hungry for us. Is that the boat, where I see a light yonder ? "
    " That's the boat," said I.

    "And it's the same I saw this morning," he returned. " I came
straight to it, by instinct, I suppose."
    We said no more as we approached the light, but made softly for the
door. I laid my hand upon the latch ; and whispering Steerforth to keep
close to me, went in.
    A murmur of voices had been audible on the outside, and, at the
moment of our entrance, a clapping of hands : which latter noise, I was
surprised to see, proceeded from the generally disconsolateMrs. Gummidge.
But Mrs. Gummidge was not the only person there, who was unusually
excited. Mr. Peggotty, his face lightedup with uncommon satisfaction, and
laughing with all his might, held his rough arms wide open, as if for little
Em'ly to run into them; Ham, with a mixed expression in his face of
admiration, exultation, and a lumbering sort of bashfulness that sat upon
him very well, held little Em'ly by the hand, as if he were presenting her
to Mr. Peggotty ; little Em'ly herself, blushing and shy, but delighted with
Mr. Peggotty's delight, as her joyous eyes expressed, was stopped by our
entrance (for she saw us first) in the very act of springing from Ham to
nestle in Mr. Peggotty's embrace. I n the first glimpse we had of them all,
and at the moment of our passing from the dark cold night into the warm
light room, this was the way in which they were all employed: Mrs.
Gummidge in the back ground, clapping her hands like a madwoman.
    The little picture was so instantaneously dissolved by our going in, that
one might have doubted whether it had ever been. I was in the midst of
the astonished family, face to face with Mr. Peggotty, and holding out my
hand to him, when Ham shouted :
    " Mas'r Davy ! I t 's Mas'r Davy !"
    I n a moment we were all shaking hands with one another, and asking
one another how we did, and telling one another how glad we were to
meet, and all talking at once. Mr. Peggotty was so proud and over-
joyed to see us, that he did not know what to say or do, but kept over and
over again shaking hands with me, and then with Steerforth, and then
with me, and then ruffling his shaggy hair all over his head, and laughing
with such glee and triumph, that it was a treat to see him.
    "Why, that you two gent'lmen-gent'lmen growed-should come to
this here roof to-night, of all nights in my life," said Mr. Peggotty, "is such
a thing as never happened afore, I do rightly believe ! Em'ly, my darling,
come here ! Come here, my little witch ! There's Mas'r Davy's friend,
 my dear ! There's the gent'lman as you 've heerd on, Em'ly. He comes
 to see you, along with Mas'r Davy, on the brightest night of your uncle's
 life as ever was or will be, Gorm the t'other one, and horroar for it ! "
    After delivering this speech all in a breath, and with extraordinary
 animation and pleasure, Mr. Peggotty put one of his large hands raptur-
