                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  don't know what I might be fit for, now, as a servant to a stranger.
  And I shall be always near my pretty's resting-place," said Peggotty
  musing, " and able to see it when I like ; and when I l i e down to rest, I
  may be laid not far off from my darling girl ! "
     We neither of us said anything for a little while.
     " But I wouldn't so much as give it another thought," said Peggotty,

  cheerily, "if my Davy was anyways against it-not if I had been asked
 in church thirty times three times over, and was wearing out the ring in
 my pocket."
     " Look at me, Peggotty," I replied ; " and see if I am not really glad,
 and don't truly wish it ! " As indeed I did, with all my heart.
     " Well, my life,"  said Peggotty, giving me a squeeze, " I have thought of
 it night and day, every way I can, and I hope the right way; but I'll think
 of it again, and speak to my brother about it, and in the meantime we 11keep
 it to ourselves, Davy, you and me. Barkis is a good plain creetur'," said Peg-
 gotty, " and if I tried to do my duty by him, I think it would be my fault if
 I wasn't -if I wasn't pretty comfortable," said Peggotty, laughing heartily.
     This quotation from Mr. Barkis was so appropriate, and tickled us both
 so much, that we laughed again and again, and were quite in a pleasant
 humour when we came within view of Mr. Peggotty's cottage.
     I t looked just the same, except that it may, perhaps, have shrunk a little
 in my eyes; and Mrs. Gummidge was waiting at the door as if she had
 stood there ever since. All within was the same, down to the seaweed in
 the blue mug in my bedroom. I went into the out-house to look about
me ;and the very same lobsters, crabs, and crawfish possessed by the same
 desire to pinch the world in general, appeared to be in the same state of
conglomeration in the same old corner.
    But there was no little Em'ly to be seen, so I asked Mr. Peggotty
where she was.
    " She's at school, sir," said Mr. Peggotty, wiping the heat consequent

on the porterage of Peggotty's box from his forehead ; " she '11 be home,"
looking at the Dutch clock, "in from twenty minutes to half-an-hour's
time. We all on us feel the loss of her, bless ye !"
    Mrs. Gummidge moaned.
    " Cheer up, Mawther ! " cried Mr. Peggotty.

    " I feel it more than anybody else," said Mrs. Gummidge ; cc I 'm a

lone lorn creetur', and she used to be a'most the only think that didn't go
contrairy with me."
    Mrs. Gummidge, whimpering and shaking her head, applied herself to
blowing the fire. Mr. Peggotty, looking round upon us while she was so
engaged, said in a low voice, which he shaded with his hand : " The old
'un ! " From this I rightly conjectured that no improvement had taken
place since my last visit in the state of Mrs. Gummidge's spirits.
    Now, the whole place was, or it should have been, quite as delightful a
place as ever; and yet it did not impress me in the same way. I felt
rather disappointed with it. Perhaps it was because little Em'ly was not
at home. I knew the way by which she would come, and presently found
myself strolling along the path to meet her.
    A figure appeared in the distance before long, and I soon knew it to be
Em'ly, who was a little creature still in stature, though she was grown. But
when she drew nearer, and I saw her blue eyes looking bluer, and her dimpled
