528           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

minutes. My aunt, with her own watch in her hand, did the like. When the
time was expired, Traddles gave her his arm ; and we all went out together
to the old house, without saying one word on the way.
   We found Mr. Micawher at his desk, in the turret office on the ground
floor, either writing, or pretending to write, hard. The large office-ruler
was stuck into his waistcoat, and was not so well concealed but that a
foot or more of that instrument protruded from his bosom, like a new kind
of shirt-frill.
   As it appeared to me that I was expected to speak, I said aloud :
   " How do you do, Mr. Micawber ? "
   " Mr. Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, gravely, "I hope I see you well?"
   " I s Miss Wickfield at home ? " said I.
   "Mr. Wickfield is unwell in bed, sir, of arheumatic fever," he returned ;
" but Miss Wickfield, I have no doubt, will be happy to see old friends.
Will you walk in, sir ? "
   He preceded us to the dining-room-the first room I had entered in
that house-and flinging open the door of Mr. Wickfield's former office,
said, in a sonorous voice :
   " Miss Trotwood, Mr. David Copperfield, Mr. Thomas Traddles, and

Mr. Dixon ! "
   I had not seen Uriah Heep since the time of the blow. Our visit
astonished him, evidently ; not the less, I dare say, because it astonished
ourselves. He did not gather his eyebrows together, for he had none
worth mentioning; but he frowned to that degree that he almost closed his
small eyes, while the hurried raising of his grisly hand to his chin betrayed
some trepidation or surprise. This was only when we were in the act of
entering his room, and when I caught a glance at him over my aunt's
shoulder. A moment afterwards, he was as fawning and as humble as ever.
   "Well, I am sure," he said. " This is indeed an unexpected pleasure !
To have, as I may say, all friends round Saint Paul's, at once, is a treat
unlooked for ! Mr. Copperfield, I hope I see you well, and-if          I may
umbly express self so-friendly towards them as is ever your friends,
whether or not. Mrs. Copperfield, sir, I hope she 'S getting on. We have
been made quite uneasy by the poor accounts we have had of her state,
lately, I do assure you."
   I felt ashamed to let him take my hand, but I did not know yet what
else to do.
   " Things are changed in this office, Miss Trotwood, since I was a numble

clerk, and held your pony ; ain't they? " said Uriah, with his sickliest
smile. " But I am not changed, Miss Trotwood,"
   "Well, sir," returned my aunt, "to tell you the truth, I think you are
pretty constant to the promise of your youth; if that 'S any satisfaction
to you."
   " Thank you, Miss Trotwood,"        said Uriah, writhing in his ungainly
manner, " for your good opinion ! Micawber, tell 'em to let Jliss Agnes
know-and mother. Mother will be quite in a state, when she sees the
present company ! " said Uriah, setting chairs.
   " You are not busy, Mr. Heep ? " said Traddles, whose eye the cunning
red eye accidentally canght, as it at once scrutinised and evaded us.
    "No, Mr. Traddles," replied Uriah, resuming his official seat, and
 squeezing his bony hands, laid palm to palm, between his bony knees.
