                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

    How .well I recollect our sitting there, talking in whispers ; or their
talking, and my respectfully listening, I ought rather to say; the moon-
light falling a little way into the room, through the window, painting a
pale window on the floor, and the greater part of us in shadow, except
when Steerforth dipped a match into a phosphorous-box, when he wanted
to look for anything on the board, and shed a blue glare over us that was
gone directly ! A certain mysterious feeling, consequent on the darkness,
the secresy of the revel, and the whisper in which everything was said,
steals over me again, and I listen to all they tell me with a vague feeling
of solemnity and awe, which makes me glad that they are all so near, and
frightens me (though I feign to laugh) when Traddles pretends to see
a ghost in the corner.
    I heard all kinds of things about the school and all belonging to it. I
heard that Mr. Creakle had not preferred his claim to being a Tartar
without reason; that he was the-sternest and most severe of masters;
that he laid about him, right and left, every day of his life, charging in
among the boys like a trooper, and slashing away, unmercifully. That he
knew nothing himself, but the art of slashing, being more ignorant (J.
 Steerforth said) than the lowest boy in the school; that he had been,
a good many years ago, a small hop-dealer in the Borough, and had taken
to the schooling business after being bankrupt in hops, and making away
with Mrs. Creakle's money. With a good deal more of that sort, which
I wondered how they knew.
    I heard that the man with the wooden leg, whose name was Tungay,
was an obstinate barbarian who had formerly assisted in the hop business,
but had come into the scholastic line with Mr. Creakle, in consequence,
as was supposed among the boys, of his having broken his leg in Mr.
Creakle's service, and having done a deal of dishonest work for him, and
knowing his secrets. I heard that with the single exception of Mr.
 Creakle, Tungay considered the whole establishment, masters and boys,
as his natural enemies, and that the only delight of his life was to be sour
and malicious. I heard that Mr. Creakle had a son, who had not been
Tungay's friend, and who, assisting in the school, had once held some
remonstrance with his father on an occasion when its discipline was very
cruelly exercised, and was supposed, besides, to have protested against
his father's usage of his mother. I heard that Mr. Creakle had turned
him out of doors, in consequence; and that Mrs. and Miss Creakle had
been in a sad way, ever since.
    But the greatest wonder that I heard of Mr. Creakle was, there being
 one boy in the school on whom he never ventured to lay a hand, and that
boy being J. Steerforth. Steerforth himself confirmed this when it was
 stated, and said that he should like to begin to see him do it. On being
 asked by a mild boy (not me) how he would proceed if he did begin to see
 him do it, he dipped a match into his phosphorous-box on purpose to sheda
glare over his reply, and said he would commence by knocking him down
with a blow on the forehead from the seven-and-sixpenny ink-bottle that was
always on the mantelpiece. We sat in the dark for some time, breathless.
    I heard that Mr. Sharp and Mr. Me11 were both supposed to be
wretchedly paid; and that when there was hot and cold meat for dinner at
Mr. Creakle's table, Mr. Sharp was always expected to say he preferred
