                        OF D.4VID   COPPERFIELD.                        583
warden's pew, at the end of the coffee-room, where he kept company with
a cash-box, a Directory, a Law-list, and other books and papers.
   " Mr. Traddles," said the spare waiter.    "Number two in the Court."
   The potential waiter waved him away, and turned, gravely, to me.
   "I was inquiring," said I, "whether Mr. Traddles at number two in the
Court, has not a rising reputation among the lawyers ? "
   "Never heard his nanie," said the wa~ter,in a rich husky voice.
   I felt quite apologetic for Traddles.
   "He's a young man, sure? " said the portentous waiter, fixing his
eyes severely on me. " How long has he been in the Inn?"
   "Not above three years," said I.
   The waiter, who I supposed had lived in his churcliwarden's pew for
forty years, could not pursue such an insignificant subject. He asked me
what I would have for dinner ?
   I felt I was in England again, and really was quite cast down on Trad-
dles's account. There seemed to be no hope for him. I meekly ordered
a bit of fish and a steak, and stood before the fire musing on his obscurity.
   As I followed the chief waiter with my eyes, I conld not help thinking
that the garden iil which he had gradually blown to be the flower he
was, was an arduous place to rise in. I t had such a prescriptive, stiff-
necked, long-established, solemn, elderly air. I glanced about the room,
which had had its sanded floor sanded, no doubt, in exactly the same
manner when the chief waiter was a boy-if he ever was a boy, which
appeared improbable; and at the shining tables, where I saw myself
reflected, in unruffled depths of old mahogany ; and at the lamps, without
a flaw in their trimming or cleaning; and at the comfortable green cur-
tains, with their pure brass rods, snugly enclosing the boxes ; and at the
two large coal fires, brightly burning; and at the rows of decanters, burly
as if with the consciousness of pipes of expensive old port wine below;
and both England, and ihe law, appeared to me to be very difficult indeed
to be taken by storm. I went up to my bed-room to change my wet
clothes; and the vast extent of that old wainscotted apartment (which
was over the archway leading to the Inn, I remember), and the sedate
immensity of the four-post bedstead, and the indomitable gravity of the
chests of drawers, all seemed to unite in sternly frowning on the fortunes of
Traddles, or on any such daring youth. I came down again to my dinner;
and even the slow comfort of the meal, and the orderly silence of the
place-which was bare of guests, the Long Vacation not yet being over-
were eloquent on the audacity of Traddles, and his small hopes of a liveli-
hood for twenty years to come.
   I had seen nothing like this since I went away, and it quite dashed my
hopes for my friend. The chief waiter had had enough of me. Ile came
near me no more ;but devoted hi~ilselfto an old gentleman in long gaiters,
to meet whom a pint of special port seemed to come out of the cellar of
its own accord, for he gave no order. The second waiter informed me, in
a whisper, that this old gentleman was a retired conveyancer living in the
 Square, and worth a mint of moEey, which it was expected he would leave
to his laundress's daughter; likewise that it was rumoured that he had a
 service of plate in a bufeau, all tarnished witli lying by, though more than
one spoon and a fork had never get been beheld in his chambers by mortal
