                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           85
 though she was not subject to such weaknesses in general, into a state of
 violent consternation. I came into the room where she and my mother
 were sitting; and the baby (who was only a few weeks old) being on my
 mother's lap, I took it very carefully in my arms. Suddenly Miss Murd-
 stone gave such a scream that I all but dropped it.
     " My dear Jane ! " cried my mother.
     " Good heavens, Clara, do you see ? " exclaimed Miss Murdstone.
     " See what, my dear Jane ? " said my mother ;"~vhere?"

     " H e ' s got it! " cried Miss Murdstone. " The boy has got the
baby ! "
     She was limp with horror ;but stiffened herself to make a dart at me,
 and take it out of my arms. Then, she turned faint; and was so very ill,
 that they were obliged to give her cherry-brandy. I was solemnly in-
 terdicted by her, on her recovery, from touching my brother any more
 on any pretence whatever ; and my poor mother, who, I could see, wished
 otherwise, meekly confirmed the interdict, by saying : "No doubt you are
right, my dear Jane."
    On another occasion, when we three were together, this same dear baby
 -it was truly dear to me, for our mother's sake-was the innocent
 occasion of Miss Murdstone's going into a passion. My mother, who
 had been looking at its eyes as it lay upon her lap, said :
    " Davy ! come here ! " and looked at mine.

    I saw Miss Murdstone lay her beads down.
    "I declare," said my mother, gently, " they are exactly alike. I sup-
pose they are mine. I think they are the color of mine. But they are
wonderfully alike."
    "What are you talking about, Clara? " said Miss Murdstone.
    "My dear Jane," faltered my mother, a little abashed by the harsh
tone of this inquiry, " I find that the baby's eyes and Davy's are exactly
alike."
    " Clara ! " said Miss Murdstone, rising angrily, " you are a positive
fool sometimes."
    " My dear Jane," remonstrated my mother.
    "A positive fool," said Miss Murdstone. "Who else could compare
my brother's baby with your boy? They are not at all alike. They are
exactly unlike. They are utterly dissimilar in all respects. I hope they
will ever remain so. I will not sit here, and hear such comparisons made."
With that she stalked out, and made the door bang after her.
    I n short, I was not a favorite with Miss Murdstone. I n short, I was not
a favorite there with anybody, not even with myself; for those who did
like me could not show it, and those who did not, showed it so plainly
that I had a sensitive consciousness of always appearing constrained,
boorish, and dull.
    I felt that I made them as uncomfortable as they made me. If I came
into the room where they were, and they were talking together and my
mother seemed cheerful, an anxious cloud would steal over her face from
the moment of my entrance. If Mr. Murdstone were in his best humor,
I checked him. If Miss Murdstone were in her worst, I intensified it. I
had perception enough to know that my mother was the victim always ;
that she was afraid to speak to me or be kind to me, lest she should
give them some offence by her manner of doing so, and receive a lecture
