                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

often, that I was very seriously delayed. But under this difficulty, as
under all the other difficulties of my journey, I seemed to be sustained
and led on by my fanciful picture of my mother in her youth, before I
 came into the world. I t always kept me company. I t was there, among
the hops, when I lay down to sleep; it was with me on my waking in
the morning; it went before me all day. I have associated it, ever since,
with the sunny street of Canterbury, dozing as it were in the hot light ;
and with the sight of its old houses and gateways, and the stately, grey
Cathedral, with the rooks sailing round the towers. When I came, a t
last, upon the bare, wide downs near Dover, it relieved the solitary aspect
of the scene with hope; and not until I reached that first great aim of
my journey, and actually set foot in the town itself, on the sixth day of
my flight, did it desert me. But then, strange to say, when I stood with
my ragged shoes, and my dusty, sunburnt, half-clothed figure, in the
place so long desired, it seemed to vanish like a dream, and to leave me
helpless and dispirited.
   I inquired about my aunt among the boatmen first, and received various
answers. One said she lived in the South Foreland Light, and had
singed her whiskers by doing so ; another, that she was made fast to the
great buoy outside the harbor, and could only be visited at half-tide;
a third, that she was locked up in Maidstone Jail for child-stealing; a
fourth, that she was seen to mount a broom in the last high wind, and
make direct for Calais. The fly-drivers, among whom I inquired next,
were equally jocose and equally disrespectful ; and the shopkeepers, not
liking my appearance, generally replied, without hearing what I had to
say, that they had got nothing for me. I felt more miserable and destitute
than I had done at any period of my running away. My money was all
gone, I had nothing left to dispose of; I was hungry, thirsty, and worn
out ; and seemed as distant from my end as if I had remained in London.
   The morning had worn away in these inquiries, and I was sitting on
the step of an empty shop at a street corner, near the market-place,
deliberating upon wandering towards those other places which had been
mentioned, when a fly-driver, coming by with his carriage, dropped a
horsecloth. Something good-natured in the man's face, as I handed it up,
encouraged me to ask him if he could tell me where Miss Trotwood lived ;
though I had asked the question so often, that it almost died upon my lips.
   "Trotwood," said he. " Let me see. I know the name, too. Old lady ? "
   "Yes," I said, " rather."
   "Pretty stiff in the back? " said he, making himself upright.
   " Yes," I said. " I should think it very likely."
   " Carries a bag ? " said he-" bag with a good deal of room in it-is
gruffish, and comes down upon you, sharp ? "
   My heart sank within me as I acknowledged the undoubted accuracy of
this description.
   "Why then, I tell you what," said he. " If you go up there," pointing
with his whip towards the heights, " and keep right on till you come to
some houses facing the sea, I think you'll hear of her. My opinion is
she won't stand anything, so here's a penny for you."
   I accepted the gift thankfully, and bought a loaf with it. Dispatch-
ing this refreshment by the way, I went in the direction my friend had
