                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             75
    They made me laugh again by laughing at each other, and then we all
three laughed until I was in danger of crying again.
    "Do you know how mama is, Mr. Peggotty ? " I said. " And how my
dear, dear, old Peggotty is? "
    " Oncommon," said Mr. Peggotty.

    " And little Em'ly, and Mrs. Gummidge? "
    " On-common," said Mr. Peggotty.
    There was a silence. Mr. Peggotty, to relieve it, took two prodigious
lobsters, and an enormous crab, and a large canvas bag of shrimps, out of
his pockets, and piled them up in Ham's arms.
     "You see," said Mr. Peggotty, "knowing as you was partial to a little
relish with your wittles when you was along with us, we took the liberty.
The old Mawther biled 'em, she did. Mrs. Gummidge biled 'em. Yes,"
said Mr. Peggotty slowly, who I thought appeared to stick to the subject
on account of having no other subject ready, "Mrs. Gummidge, I do
 assure you, she biled 'em."
     I expressed my thanks ; and Mr. Peggotty, after looking at Ham, who
 stood smiling sheepishly over the shell-fish, without making any attempt
 to help him, said :
     " We come, you see, the wind and tide making in our favor, in one of
 our Yarmouth lugs to Gravesen'. My sister she wrote to me the name of
 this here place, and wrote to me as if ever I chanced to come to Gravesen',
 I was to come over and enquire for Mas'r Davy and give her dooty, humbly
 wishing him well and reporting of the fam'ly as they was oncommon
 toe-be-sure. Little Em'ly, you see, she '11 write to my sister when I go
 back, as I see you and as you was similarly oncommon, and so we make it
 quite a merry-go-rounder."
     I was obliged to consider a little before I understood what Mr.
 Peggotty meant by this figure, expressive of a complete circle ofintelligence.
 I then thanked him heartily ; and said, with a consciousness of reddening,
 that I supposed Little Em'ly was altered too, since we used to pick up
 shells and pebbles on the beach?
     " She's getting to be a woman, that 's wot she's getting to be," said
 Mr. Peggotty. " Ask him."
     He meant Ham, who beamed with delight and assent over the bag of
  shrimps.
     "Her pretty face ! " said Mr. Peggotty, with his own shining like a
  light.
      " Her learning ! " said Ham.

      "Her writing ! " said Mr. Peggotty. " Why, it's as black as jet ! And
   so large it is, you might see it anywheres."
      I t was perfectly delightful to behold with what enthusiasm Mr.Peggotty
  became inspired when he thought of his little favorite. He stands before
  me again, his bluff hairy face irradiating with a joyful love and pride, for
  which I can find no description. His honest eyes fire up, and sparkle,
  as if their depths were stirred by something bright. His broad chest
  heaves with pleasure. His strong loose hands clench themselves, in his
  earnestness ; and he emphasises what he says with aright arm that shows,
  in my pigmy view, like a sledge hammer.
     Ham was quite as earnest as he. I dare say they would have said
