                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          189
 do I ever come to break with her ? I can't conceive. And yet a coolness
 grows between Miss Shepherd and myself. Whispers reach me of Miss
 Shepherd having said she wished I wouldn't stare so, and having avowed
 a preference for Master Jones-for Jones ! a boy of no merit whatever!
 The gulf between me and Miss Shepherd widens. At last, one day, I
 meet the Misses Nettingalls' establishment out walking. Miss Shepherd
 makes a face as she goes by, and laughs to her companion. All is over.
 The devotion of a life-it seems a life, it is all the same-is          at an
 end; Miss Shepherd comes out of the morning service, and the Royal
 Family know her no more.
    I am higher in the school, and no one breaks my peace. I am not at
 all polite, now, to the Misses Nettingalls' young ladies, and shouldn't dote
 on any of them, if they were twice as many and twenty times as beautiful.
 I think the dancing-school a tiresome affair, and wonder why the girls
 can't dance by themselves and leave us alone. I am growing great in
 Latin verses, and neglect the laces of my boots. Doctor Strong refers to
 me in public as a promising young scholar. Mr. Dick is wild with joy,
 and my aunt remits me a guinea by the next post.
    The shade of a young butcher rises, like the apparition of an armed
 head in Macbeth. Who is this young butcher? He is the terror of the
youth of Canterbury. There is a vague belief abroad, that the beef suet
with which he anoints his hair gives him unnatural strength, and that he
is a match for a man. He is a broad-faced, bull-necked young butcher,
with rough red cheeks, an ill-conditioned mind, and an injurious tongue.
His main use of this tongue, is, to disparage Doctor Strong's young gentle-
men. He says, publicly, that if they want anything he 1' 1 give it 'em.
He names individuals among them (myself included), whom he could
undertake to settle with one hand, and the other tied behind him. H e
waylays the smaller boys to punch their unprotected heads, and calls
challenges after me in the open streets. For these sufficient reasons I
resolve to fight the butcher.
    It is a summer evening, down in a green hollow, at the corner of a
wall. I meet the butcher by appointment. I am attended by a select
body of our boys ; the butcher, by two other butchers, a young publican,
and a sweep. The preliminaries are adjusted, and the butcher and myself
stand face to face. I n a moment the butcher lights ten thousand candles
out of my left eyebrow. I n another moment, I don't know where the wall
is, or where I am, or where anybody is. I hardly know which is myself
and which the butcher, we are always in such a tangle and tustle, knock-
ing about upon the trodden grass. Sometimes I see the butcher, bloody
but confident; sometimes I see nothing, and sit gasping on my second's
knee; sometimes I go in at the butcher madly, and cut my knuckles open
against his face, without appearing to discompose him at all. At last I
awake, very queer about the head, as from a giddy sleep, and see the
butcher walking off, congratulated by the two other butchers and the
sweep and publican, and putting on his coat as he goes; from which I
augur, justly, that the victory is his.
   I am taken home in a sad plight, and I have beef-steaks put to my eyes,
and am rubbed with vinegar and brandy, and find a great white puffy place
bursting out on my upper lip, which swells immoderately. For three or
four days I remain at home, a very ill-looking subject, with a green shade
