142            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

gone to her for shelter, but for her humble station, which made
me fear that I might bring some trouble on her-I              broke down, I
say, as I was trying to say so, and laid my face in my hands upon
the table.
    " Well, well ! " said my aunt, " the child is right to stand by those who

have stood by him-Janet ! Donkies ! "
   I thoroughly believe that but for those unfortunate donkies, we should
have come to a good understanding; for my aunt had laid her hand
on my shoulder, and the impulse was upon me, thus emboldened,
to embrace her and beseech her protection. But the interruption, and the
disorder she was thrown into by the struggle outside, put an end to all
softer ideas for the present ; and kept my aunt indignantly declaiming to
Mr. Dick about her determination to appeal for redress to the laws of her
country, and to bring actions for trespass against the whole donkey pro-
prietorship of Dover, until tea-time.
   After tea, we sat at the window-on the look-out, as I imagined, from
my aunt's sharp expression of face, for more invaders-until dusk, when
Janet set candles, and a backgammon-board, on the table, and pulled
down the blinds.
   "Now, Mr. Dick," said my aunt, with her grave look, and her fore-
finger up as before, " I am going to ask you another question. Look at
this child."
   "David's son? " said Mr. Dick, with an attentive, puzzled face.
    " Exactly so," returned my aunt. "What would you do with him, now ?"
   " Do with David's son ?" said Mr. Dick.
   " Ay," replied my aunt, "with David's son."
   "Oh!" said Mr. Dick. "Yes. Do with-I                   should put him to
bed."
    " Janet !" cried my aunt, with the same complacent triumph that I had
remarked before. " Mr. Dick sets us all right. If the bed is ready, we 1' 1
take him up to it."
    Janet reporting it to be quite ready, I was taken up to it; kindly, but
in some sort like a prisoner; my aunt going in front and Janet bring-
ing up the rear. The only circumstance which gave me any new hope,
was my aunt's stopping on the stairs to inquire about a smell of fire that
was prevalent there ; and Janet's replying that she had been making tinder
down in the kitchen, of my old shirt. But there were no other clothes
in my room than the odd heap of things I wore ; and when I was left
there, with a little taper which my aunt forewarned me would burn
exactly five minutes, I heard them lock my door on the outside. Turning
these things over in my mind, I deemed it possible that my aunt, who
 could know nothing of me, might suspect I had a habit of running away,
and took precautions, on that account, to have me in safe keeping.
    The room was a pleasant one, at the top of the house, overlooking the
sea, on which the moon was shining brilliantly. After I had said my
prayers, and the candle had burnt out, Iremember how I still sat looking
at the moonlight on the water, as if I could hope to read my fortune in
it, as in a bright book; or to see my mother with her child, coming from
Heaven, along that shining path, to look upon me as she had looked
 when I last saw her sweet face. I remember how the solemn feeling
