               THE   PERSONAL    HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Yes ; or hate," laughed Steerforth; " no matter which. Come ! Say
the next day ! "
    I said the next day; and he put on his great-coat, and lighted his cigar,
and set off to walk home. Finding him in this intention, I put on my
own great-coat (but did not light my own cigar, having had enough of
that for one while) and walked with him as far as the open road : a dull
road, then, at night. He was in great spirits all the way; and when we
parted, and I looked after him going so gallantly and airily homeward,
I thought of his saying, "Ride on over all obstacles, and win the race ! "
and wished, for the first time, that he had some worthy race to run.
    I was undressing in my own room, when Mr. Micawber's letter tumbled
on the floor. Thus reminded of it, I broke the seal and read as follows.
I t was dated an hour and a half before dinner. I am not sure whether I
have mentioned that, when Mr. Micawber was at any particularly desperate
crisis, he used a sort of legal phraseology: which he seemed to think
equivalent to winding up his affairs.
    " Sir-for I dare not say, my dear Copperfield,
    " I t is expedient that I should inform you that the undersigned is
Crushed. Some flickering efforts to spare you the premature knowledge
of his calamitous position, you may observe in him this day; but hope
has sunk beneath the horizon, and the undersigned is Crushed.
    " The present    communication is penned within the personal range
(I cannot call it the society) of an individual, in a state closely bordering
on intoxication, employed by a broker. That individual is in legal posses-
sion of thc premises, under a distress for rent. His inventory includes,
not only the chattels and effects of every description belonging to the
undersigned, as yearly tenant of this habitation, but also those apper-
taining to Mr. Thomas Traddles, lodger, a member of the Honourable
Society of the Inner Temple.
    " If any drop of gloom were wanting in the overflowing cup, which is
now ' commended ' (in the language of an immortal Writer) to the lips of the
undersigned, it would be found in the fact, that afriendly acceptance granted
to the undersigned, by the before-mentioned Mr. Thomas Traddles, for the
sum of 8 2 3 4s. Dfrd. is over due, and is NOT provided for. Also, in the
fact, that the living responsibilities clinging to the undersigned, will, in the
course of nature, be increased by the sum of one more helpless victim ; whose
miserable appearance may be looked for-in round numbers-at the expira-
tion of a period not exceeding six lunar months from the present date.
    " After premising thus much, it would be a work of supererogation to
add, that dust and ashes are for ever scattered
                         " On

                           " The
                                " Head
                                      "   Of
                                      " WILKINSMICAWBEE."
   Poor Traddles! I knew enough of Mr. Micawber by this time, to
foresee that he might be expected to recover the blow; but my night's
rest was sorely distressed by thoughts of Traddles, and of the curate's
daughter, who was one of ten, down in Devonshire, and who was such
a dear girl, and who would wait for Traddles (ominous praise !) until she
was sixty, or any age that could be mentioned.
