 576            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  assistcd by some younger stooping woman in black, was busily arranging
  Mr. Peggotty's goods.
     " Is there any last wured, Mas'r Davy ? "     said he. 'l I s there any one
  forgotten thing afore we parts ? "
     " One thing ! " said I.   " Martha ! "
     He touched the younger woman I have mentioned on the shoulder, and
  Martha stood before me.
     " Heaven bless you, you good man! " cried I.         "You take her with
  you! "
     She answered for him, with a burst of tears. I could speak no more, at
  that time, but I wrung his hand; and if ever I have loved and honored
  any man, I loved and honored that man in my soul.
     The ship was clearing fast of strangers. The greatest trial that I had,
 remained. I told him what the noble spirit that was gone, had given me
 in charge to say at parting. I t moved him deeply. Rut when he charged
 me, in return, with many messages of affection and regret for those deaf
 ears, he moved me more.
     The time was come. I embraced him, took my weeping nurse upon my
 arm, and hurried away. On deck, I took leave of poor Mrs. Micawber.
 She was looking distractedly about for her family, ever1 then ; and her last
 words to me were, that she never would desert Mr. Micawber.
    VITewent over the side into our boat, and lay at a little distance to see
 the ship wafted on her course. I t was then calm, radiant sunset. She
 lay between us, and the red light; and every taper line and spar was
 visible against the glow. A sight at once so beautiful, so mournful, and
 so hopeful, as the glorious ship, lying, still, on the flushed water, with all
 the life on board her crowded at the bulwarks, and there clustering, for a
 moment, bare-headed and silent, I never saw.
    Silent, only for a moment. As the sails rose to the wind, and the ship
 began to move, there broke from all the boats three resounding cheers,
 which those on board took up, and echoed back, and which were echoed
 and re-echoed. My heart burst out when I heard the sound, and beheld
the waving of the hats and handkerchiefs-and then I saw her !
    Then, I saw her, at her uncle's side, and trembling on his shoulder. H e
pointed to us with an eager hand ; and she saw us, and waved her last good-
bye to me. Aye, Emily, beautiful and drooping, cling to him with the
utmost trust of thy bruised heart; for he has clung to thee, with all the
might of his great love !
    Surrounded by the rosy light, and standing high upon the deck, apart
together, she clinging to him, and he holding her, they solemnly passed
away. The night had fallen on the Kentish hills when we were rowed
ashore-and fallen darkly upon me.
