                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           253
said what she would recommend would be this. A pair of hot roast fowls
-from the pastry-cook's; a dish of stewed beef, with vegetables-from
the pastry-cook's ; two little corner things, as a raised pie and a dish of
kidneys-from the pastry-cook's ; a tart, and (if I liked) a shape of jelly
-from the pastry-cook's. This, Mrs. Crupp said, would leave her at full
liberty to concentrate her mind on the potatoes, and to serve up the cheese
and celery as she could wish to see it done.
    I acted on Mrs. Crupp's opinion, and gave the order at the pastry-cook's
myself. Walking along the Strand, afterwards, and observing a hard
mottled substance in the window of a ham and beef shop, which resembled
marble, but was labelled " Mock Turtle," I went in and bought a slab of
it, which I have since seen reason to believe would have sufficed for fifteen
people. This preparation, Mrs. Crupp, after some difficulty, consented to
warm up ; and it shrunk so much in a liquid state, that we found it what
Steerforth called " rather a tight fit" for four.
    These preparations happily completed, I bought a little dessert in Covent
Garden Market,and gave a rather extensive order at a retail wine-merchant's
in that vicinity. When I came home in the afternoon, and saw the bottles
drawn up in a square on the pantry-floor, they looked so numerous (though
there were two missing, which made Mrs. Crupp very uncomfortable), that
I was absolutely frightened at them.
    One of Steerforth's friends was named Grainger, and the other Markham.
They were both very gay and lively fellows ; Grainger, something older
than Steerforth ; Markham, youthful-looking, and I should say not more
than twenty. I observed that the latter always spoke of himself indefinitely,
as " a man," and seldom or never in the first person singular.
    "A man might get on very well here, Mr. Copperfield," said Markham-
meaning himself.
    "It's not a bad situation," said I, and the rooms are really
commodious."
    " I hope you have both brought appetites with you ? " said Steerforth.
    "Upon my honour," returned Markham, "town seems to sharpen a
man's appetite. A man is hungry all day long. A man is perpetually
eating."
    Being a little embarrassed at first, and feeling much too young to pre-
side, I made Steerforth take the head of the table when dinner was
announced, and seated myself opposite to him. Everything was very
good; we did not spare the wine ; and he exerted himself so brilliantly to
make the thing pass off well, that there was no pause in our festivity. I
was not quite such good company during dinner, as I could have wished
to be, for my chair was opposite the door, and my attention was distracted
by observing that the handy young man went out of the room very often,
and that his shadow always presented itself, immediately afterwards, on the
wall of the entry, with a bottle at its mouth. The "young gal" likewise
occasioned me some uneasiness : not so much by neglecting to wash the
plates, as by breaking them. For being of an inquisitive disposition, and
unable to confine herself (as her positive instructions were) to the pantry,
she was constantly peering in at us, and constantly imagining herself
detected; in which belief, she several times retired upon the plates (with
which she had carefully paved the floor), and did a great deal of destruction.
    These, however, were small drawbacks, and easily forgotten when the
