                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          439
white marks of my fingers die out of the deep red of his cheek, and leave
it a deeper red.
   " Copperfield," he said at length, in a breathless voice, "have you
taken leave of your senses?
    " I have taken leave of you," said I, wresting my hand away.       " You
dog, I'll know no more of you."
    " Won't you ? " said he, constrained by the pain of his cheek to put
his hand there. "Perhaps you won't be able to help it. Isn't this
ungrateful of you, now ? "
    " I have shown you often enough," said I, " that I despise you. I have
shown yon now, more plainly, that I do. Why should I dread your
doing your worst to all about you? What else do you ever do?"
   He perfectly understood this allusion to the considerations that had
hitherto restrained me in my communications with him. I rather think
that neither the blow, nor the allusion, would have escaped me, but for
the assurance I had had from Agnes that night. I t is no matter.
   There was another long pause. His eyes, as he looked at me, seemed
to take every shade of color .that could make eyes ugly.
      Copperfield," he said, removing his hand from his cheek, " you have
always gone against me. I know you always used to be against me at
Mr. Wlckfield's."
    " You may think what you like," said I, still in a towering rage. r' If
it is not true, so much the worthier you."
    " And yet I always liked you, Copperfield !" he rejoined.

   I deigned to make him no reply; and, taking up my hat, was going out
to bed, when he came between me and the door.
    " Copperfield," he said, " there must be two parties to a quarrel.
1won't be one."
    " You may go to the devil ! " said I.
   '&lt; Don't say that ! " he replied.   " I know you 1' 1 be sorry afterwards.
How can you make yourself so inferior to me, as to show such a bad spirit ?
But I forgive you."
    " You forgive me ! " I repeated disdainfully.

   " I do, and yon can't help yourself," replied Uriah. "To think of
your going and attacking me, that have always been a friend to you! But
there can't be a quarrel without two parties, and I won't be one. I will
be a friend to you, in spite of you. So now you know what you've got to
expect ."
   The necessity of carrying on this dialogue (his part in which was very
slow; mine very quick) in a low tone, that the house might not be dis-
turbed at an unseasonable hour, did not improve my temper ; though my
passion was cooling down. nixerely telling him that I should expect from
him what I always had expected, and had never yet been disappointed in,
I opened the door upon him, as if he had been a great walnut put there
to be cracked, and went out of the house. But he slept out of the house
too, at his mother's lodging; and before I had gone many hundred yards,
came up with me.
   " You know, Copperfield," he said, in my ear (I did not turn my

head), " you're in quite a wrong position ;" which I felt to be true,
and that made me chafe the more ; " you can't make this a brave thing,
