                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

My dear kind Steerforth, how can I tell you what I think of your
generosity ? "
   " Tush I " he answered, turning red.    " The less said, the better."
   " Didn't I know? " cried I, " didn't I say that there was not a joy, or
sorrow, or any emotion of such honest hearts that was indifferent to you?"
   "Aye, aye," he answered, " you told me all that. There let it rest.
We have said enough ! "
   Afraid of offending him by pursuing the subject when he made so light
of it, I only pursued it in my thoughts as we went on at even a quicker
pace than before.
   " She must be newly rigged,"       said Steerforth, "and I shall leave
Littimer behind to see it done, that I may know she is quite complete.
Did I tell you Littimer had come down? "
   " No."

   "Oh, yes ! came down this morning, with a letter from my mother."
   As our looks met, I observed that he was pale even to his lips, though
he looked very steadily at me. I feared that some difference between him
and his mother might have led to his being in the frame of mind in which
I had found him at the solitary fireside. I hinted so.
   " Oh no ! " he said, shaking his head, and giving a slight laugh.

" Nothing of the sort ! Yes. He is come down, that man of mine."
   " The same as ever? " said I.

   " The same as ever," said Steerforth. "Distant and quiet as the North
Pole. He shall see to the boat being fresh named. She's the Stormy
Petrel now. What does Mr. Peggotty care for Stormy Petrels ! 1'11
have her christened again."
   " By what name? " I asked.
   " The Little Em'ly."
   As he had continued to look steadily at me, I took it as a reminder that
he objected to being extolled for his consideration. I could not help
showing in my face how much it pleased me, but I said little, and he
resumed his usual smile, and seemed relieved.
   " But see here," he said, looking before us, " where the original little
Em'ly comes ! And that fellow with her, eh ? Upon my soul, he' s a true
knight. He never leaves her ! "
   Ham was a boat-builder in these days, having improved a natural
ingenuity in that handicraft, until he had become a skilled workman. H e
was in his working-dress, and looked rugged enough, but manly withal,
and a very fit protector for the blooming little creature at his side. Indeed,
there was a frankness in his face, an honesty, and an undisguised show of
his pride in her, and his love for her, which were, to me, the best of good
looks. I thought, as they came towards us, that they were well matched
even in that particular.
   She withdrew her hand timidly from his arm as we stopped to speak to
them, and blushed as she gave it to Steerforth and to me. When they
passed on, after we had exchanged a few words, she did not like to replace
that hand, but, still appearing timid and constrained, walked by herself.
I thought all this very pretty and engaging, and Steerforth seemed to
think so too, as we looked after them fading away in the light of a young
moon.
   Suddenly there passed us-evidently following them-a young woman
