596            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

foot to the old house, and went away with a heart too full to enter.
I returned ; and looking, as I passed, through the low window of the
turret-room where first Uriah Heep, and afterwards Mr. Micawber, had
been wont to sit, saw that it was a little parlor now, and that there
was no office. Otherwise the staid old house was, as to its cleanliness
and order, still just as i t had been when I first saw it. I requested the
new maid who admitted me, to tell Miss Wickfield that a gentleman who
waited on her from a friend abroad, was there ; and I was shown up the
grave old staircase (cautioned of the steps I knew so well), into the unchanged
drawing-room. The books that Agnes and I had read together, were on
their shelves; and the desk where I had labored at my lessons, many a
night, stood yet at the same old corner of the table. All the littlechanges
that had crept in when the Heeps were there, were changed again.
Everything was as it used to be, in the happy time.
    I stood in a window, and looked across the ancient street at the oppo-
site houses, recalling how I had watched them on wet afternoons, when I
first came there; and how I had used to speculate about the people who
appeared at any of the windows, and had followed them with my eyes u p
and down stairs, while women went clicking along the pavement in pattens,
and the dull rain fell in slanting lines, and poured out of the waterspout
yonder, and flowed into theroad. The feeling with which I used to watch
the tramps, as they came into the town on those wet evenings, at dusk,
 and limped past, with their bundles drooping over their shoulders at, the
 ends of sticks, came freshly back to me; fraught, as then, with the smell of
 damp earth, and wet leaves and briar, and the sensation of the very airs
 that blew upon me in my own toilsome journey.
    The opening of the little door in the panneled wall made me start and
 turn. I-Ier beautiful serene eyes met mine as she came towards me.
 She stopped and laid her hand upon her bosom, and I caught her i n
 my arms.
    " Agnes ! my dear girl ! I have come too suddenly upon you."

    "No, no ! I am so rejoiced to see you, Trotwood l "
    "Dear Agnes, the happiness it is to me, to see you once again! "
    I folded her to my heart, and, for a little while, we were both silent.
Presently we sat down, side by side; and her angel-face was turned upon
me with the welcome I had dreamed of, waking and sleeping, fbr whole
years.
    She was so true, she was so beautiful, she was so good,-I owed her so
much gratitude, she was so dear to me, that I could find no utterance
for what I felt. I tried to bless her, tried to thank her, tried to tell her
(as I had often done in letters) what an influence she had upon me; but
all my efforts were in vain. My love and joy were dumb.
    With her own sweet tranquillity, she calmed my agitation; led me back
t o the time of our parting; spoke to me of Emily, whom she had visited,
i n secret, many times ; spoke to me tenderly of Dora's grave. With the
unerring instinct of her noble heart, she touched the chords of my
memory so softly and harmoniously, that not one jarred within me; I
 could listen to the sorrowful, distant music, and desire to shrink from
 nothing i t awoke. How could I, when, blended with it all, was her dear
 self, the better angel of my life?
