                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            547
     " In reference to our domestic preparations, madam," said Mr. Micaw-
 ber, with some pride, "for meeting the destiny to which we are now
 understood to be self-devoted, I beg to report them. My eldest daughter
 attends at five every morning in a neighbouring establishment, to acquire
 the process-if process it may be called-of milking cows. My younger
 children are instructed to observe, as closely as circumstances will permit,
 the habits of the pigs and poultry maintained in the poorer parts of this
 city: a pursuit from which they have, on two occasions, been brought
 home, within an inch of being run over. I have myself directed some
 attention, during the past week, to the art of baking ; and my son Wilkins
has issued forth with a walking-stick and driven cattle, when permitted, by
the rugged hirelings who had them in charge, to render any voluntary
 service in that direction-which I rrgret to say, for the credil of our
nature, was not often; he being generally warned, with imprecations, to
desist."
    " All very right indeed," said my aunt, encouragingly. " Mrs. Micawber
has been busy, too, I have no doubt."
    " My dear madam," returned Xrs. Micawber, with her business-like

air, " I am free to confess, that I have not been actively engaged in pur-
suits immediately connected with cultivation or with stock, though well
aware that both will claim my attention on a foreign shore. Such oppor-
tunities as I have been enabled to alienate from my domestic dutles, I
have devoted to corresponding at some length with my family. For I
own it seems to me, my dear Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber, who
always fell back on me, I suppose from old habit, to whomsoever rlse
she might address her discourse at starting, " that the time is come when
the past should be buried in oblivion; when my family should take Mr.
Micawber by the hand, and Mr. Micawber should take my family by the
hand; when the lion should lie down with the lamb, and my family be on
terms with Mr. Micawber."
    I said I thought so too.
    "This, at least, is the light, my dear Mr. Copperfield," pursued Mrs.
Nicawber, "in which I view the subject. When I lived at home with
my papa and mama, my papa was accustomed to ask, when any point was
under discussion in our limited circle, ' I n what light does my Emma
view the subject ? ' That my papa was too partial, I know ; still, on such
a point as the frigid coldness which has ever subsisted between Mr. Micaw-
her and my family, I necessarily have formed an opinion, delusive though
it may be."
    " N o doubt. Of course you have, ma'am," said my aunt,
    " Precisely so," assented Mrs. Micawber.      "Now, I may bc wrong in
my conclusions ; it is very likely that I am ; but my individual impression
is, that the gulf between my family and Mr. Micawber may be trdcpd to
 an apprehension, on the part of my family, that Mr. Blicawber would
require pecuniary accommodation. I cannot hclp thinking," said Mrs.
 Micawber, with an air of deep sagacity, "that there are members of my
family who have been apprehensive that Mr. ;\llca\vber would solicit them
 for their names.-I     do not mean to be conferred in Baptism upon our
children, but to be inscribed on Bills of Exchange, and negotiated in the
Money Market."
                                                            N N 2
