     Now ready, two vols, super-royal avo. with upwards of Fifty Illustrations,
THE DECLINE & FALL OF THE ROMAN EIPIRE.
                             BY EDWARD GIBBON.
Illustrated Edition, with a Memoir of the Author, and Additional Notes,principally
             referring to Christianity, from the French of M. GUIZOT.
                           The Illustrations comprise-
 1. Maps of the Roman Empire, and of the Cities of Rome and Constantinople.
 2. Architectural Monuments, from the Augustan period to the time of Leo X.
 3. Views of celebrated Cities and Sites, with topographical references.
 4. A series of Coins and Portraits.

HUME AND SMOLLETT'S HISTORY OF ENGLAND,
    Embellished with numerous Portraits, and Scenes of the principal events
                    in English History, engraved on Steel.
Also an ESSAY on the STUDY of HISTORY, by the Rev. H. STEBBING,           D.D. ;
           WITH A CONTINUATION TO THE YEAR 1846,
                                By E. FARR,ESQ.
   In three vols. imperial 8vo. Priee 21.12s. 6d. cloth gilt.   The Continuation
                          may be had separately, price 11.


            ROLLIN'S ANCIENT HISTORY
                                       OF TEE
MEDES, PERSIANS, EGYPTIANS, CARTHAGINIANS, GREEKS, MACEDONIANS, BABYLONIANS, AND
               ASSYRIANS, ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND HIS SUCCESSORS.
Illustrated by many fine Plates, and a series of Maps, speciallyeugravedfor the Work.
                 The whole corrected and revised by a Clergyman.
                            I n two vols. avo. cloth, 11. Is.


           T H E H I S T O R Y OF A M E R I C A .
                       BY J. ROBERTSON, D.D. F.R.S.
From the earliest period : comprising the Progress of Navigation-Life of Colum-
  bus-his Discoveries-War with the Indians-Conquest of Cuba-Conquest of
  New Spain by Cortks-Conquest of Peru-Civil Wars of the Spaniards-Man-
  ners, Public Works, and Buildings, of the Mexicans-Government of the Spanish
  Colonies-Trade between Spain and the Philippines-History of Virginia and
  New England. With a Continuation of
   T H E HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES TO THE PRESENT TIME.

       -
Illustrated by Twelve fine Views of the most interesting Scenery in the country, and
           a Portrait of Dr. Robertson. In royal 870. Price 20s. cloth.


 A FAMILY HISTORY OF CHRIST'S UNIVERSAL
                CHURCH.
                  BY THE REV. HENRY STEBBING, D.D.
   The intention of this History is to furnish the heads of Families with the means
of instructing those around them in the most important branch of knowledge that
can engage their attention.
                     Demy 8vo. Two voIs. cloth. Price 16s.
                                                -

              A. HALL, VIRTUE &
         LONDON:                                    25, PATERNOSTER
                                                               ROW.
