                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   "If you think them pretty, say I may always stop, and see you write !"
said Dora. "Do you think them pretty ? "
   "Very pretty."
   "Then let me always stop and see you write."
   "I am afraid that won't improve their brightness, Dora."
   "Yes it will! Because, you clever boy, you'll not forget me then,
while you are full of silent fancies. Will you mind it, if I say something
very, very silly ?-more than usual? " inquired Dora, peeping over my
shoulder into my face.
   "What wonderful thing is that ? " said I.
   " Please let me hold the pens," said Dora. "1 want to have something
to do with all those many hours when you are so industrious. May
I hold the pens ? "
   The remembrance of her pretty joy when I said yes, brings tears into
my eyes. The next time I sat down to write, and regularly afterwards, she
sat in her old place with a spare bundle of pens at her side. Her triumph in
this connexion with my work, and her delight when I wanted a new pen-
which I very often feigned to do-suggested to me a new way of pleasing
my child-wife. I occasionally made a pretence of wanting a page or two
of manuscript copied. Then Dora was in her glory. The preparations
she made for this great work, the aprons she put on, the bibs she bor-
rowed from the kitchen to keep off the ink, the time she took, the
innumerable stoppages she made to have a laugh with Jip as if he under-
stood it all, her conviction that her work was incomplete unless she
signed her name at the end, and the way in which she would bring it to
me, like a school-copy, and then, when I praised it, clasp me ronnd the
neck, are touching recollections to me, simple as they might appear to
other men.
   She took possession of the keys soon after this, and went jingling
about the house with the whole bunch in a little basket, tied to her
slender waist. I seldom found that the places to which they belonged
were locked, or that they were of any use except as a plaything for Jip-
but Dora was pleased, and that pleased me. She was quite satisfied that
a good deal was effected by this make-belief of housekeeping ; and was as
merry as if we had been keeping a baby-house, for a joke.
    So we went on. Dora was hardly less affectionate to my aunt than to
me, and often told her of the time when she was afraid she was " a cross
 old thing." I never saw my aunt unbend more systematically to anyone.
 She courted Jip, though Jip never responded; listened, day after day, to
the guitar, though I am afraid she had no taste for music ; never attacked
the Incapables, though the temptation must have been severe; went
 wonderful distances on foot to purchase, as surprises, any trifles that she
 found out Dora wanted; and never came in by the garden, and missed
 her from the room, but she would call out, at the foot of the stairs, in a
 voice that sounded cheerfully all over the house :
    "n'here's Little Blossom ! "
