512           T H E PERSONAL   HISTORY AND E X P E R I E N C E

 of his existence, in jail. He also requested, as a last act of friendship,
that I would see his family to the Parish Workhouse, and forget that such
a Being ever lived.
    Of course I answered this note by going down with the boy to pay the
money, where I found Mr. Nicawber sitting in a corner, looking darkly at
the Sheriff's Officer who had effected the capture. On his release, he
embraced me with the utmost fervor ; and made an entry of the trans-
action in his pocket-book-being       very particular, I recollect, about a
halfpenny I inadvertently omitted from my statement of the total.
   This momentons pocket-book was a timely reminder to him of another
transaction. On our return to the room upstairs (where he accounted
for his absence by saying that it had been occasioned by circumstances
over which he hacl no control), he took out of it a large sheet of paper,
folded small, and quite covered with long sums, carefully worked.
From the glimpse I had of them, I should say that I never saw such
sums out of a school cyphering-book. These, it seemed, were calculations
of compound interest on what he called "the principal amount of forty-
one, ten, eleven and a half," for various periods. After a careful consi-
deration of these, and an elaborate estimate of his resources, he had
come to the conclusion to select that sum which represented the amount
with compound interest to two years, fifteen calendar months, and
fourteen days, from that date. For this he had drawn a note of-hand
with great neatness, which he handed over to Traddles on the spot, a
discharge of his debt in full (as between man and man), with many
acknowvledgments.
   " I have still a presentiment," said Mrs. Micawbel;    pensively shaking
her head, " that my family will appear on board, before we finally
depart."
   Mr. Micawber evidently had his presentiment on the subject too, but
he put it in his tin pot and swallowed it.
   " I f you have any opportunity of sending letters home, on your pas-
sage, Mrs. Micawber," said my aunt, " you must let us hear from you,
you know."
   " My dear Miss Trotwood," she replied, " I shall only be too happy to
think that anyone expects to hear from us. I shall not fail to correspond.
Mr. Copperfield, 1trust, as an old and familiar friend, will not object to
receive occasional intelligence, himself, from one who knew him when the
twins were yet unconscious ? "
   I said that I should hope to hear, whenever she had an opportunity of
writing.
   " Please IIeaven, there will be many such opportunities," said Mr.
Micawber. " The ocean, in these times, is a perfect fleet of ships ; and
we can hardly fail to encounter many, in running over. It is merely
crossing," said Mr. Micawber, trifling with his eye-glass, " merely cross-
ing. The distance is quite imaginary."
   I think, now, how odd it was, but how wonderfully like Mr. Micawber,
that, when he went from London to Canterbury, he should have talked as
if he were going to the farthest limits of the earth; and, when he went
from England to Australia, as if he were going for a little trip across the
channel.
