                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

with which at length I turned my eyes away, yielded to the sensation of
gratitude and rest which the sight of the white-curtained bed-and how
much more the lying softly down upon it, nestling in the snow-white
sheets !-inspired.  I remember how I thought of all the solitary places
under the night sky where I had slept, and how I prayed that I never
might be houseless any more, and never might forget the houseless.
I remember how I seemed to float, then, down the melancholy glory of
that track upon the sea, away into the world of dreams.




                              CHAPTER XIV.
               MY AUNT MAKES UP HER MIND ABOUT ME.

   ON going down in the morning, I found my aunt musing so profoundly
over the breakfast-table, with her elbow on the tray, that the contents of
the urn had overflowed the teapot and were laying the whole table-cloth
under water, when my entrance put her meditations to flight. I felt sure
that I had been the subject of her reflections, and was more than ever
anxious to know her intentions towards me. Yet I dared not express my
anxiety, lest it should give her offence.
   My eyes, however, not being so much under controul as my tongue,
were attracted towards my aunt very often during breakfast. I never
could look at her for a few moments together but I found her looking at
me-in an odd thoughtful manner, as if I were an immense way off,
instead of being on the other side of the small round table. When she
had finished her breakfast, my aunt very deliberately leaned back in her
chair, knitted her brows, folded her arms, and contemplated me at her
leisure, with such a fixedness of attention that I was quite overpowered
by embarrassment. Not having as yet finished my own breakfast, I
attempted to hide my confusion by proceeding with i t ; but my knife
tumbled over my fork, my fork tripped up my knife, I chipped bits of
bacon a surprising height into the air instead of cutting them for my own
eating, and choked myself with my tea which persisted in going the wrong
way instead of the right one, until I gave in altogether, and sat blushing
under my aunt's close scrutiny.
   " Hal10 ! " said my aunt, after a long time.
   I looked up, and met her sharp bright glance respectfully.
   "I have written to him," said my aunt.
   '6 To -? "

   " To your father-in-law," said my aunt.        " I have sent him a letter
that I 1' 1 trouble him to attend to, or he and I will fall out, I can tell him ! "
   " Does he know where I am, aunt? " I inquired, alarmed.
    " I have told him," said my aunt, with a nod.
    " Shall I-be-given      up to him? " I faltered.
    " I don't know," said my aunt. "We shall see."
    "Oh! I can't think what I shall do," I exclaimed, "if I have to go
back to Mr. Murdstone ! "
