                  and ADDEY,
            CUNDALL        21 Old Bond Street.                                            5
           N E W BOOKS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE.
                                         -I.-
Treasury of Pleasure Books for Young & Old.
                            A NETT SERIES.
With Thirty-iix Illufirations, by EDWARD H. WEHNERT     and HARRISON
                                                                  WEIR.
    Small 8vo. cloth, price 3s. 6d. ; Coloured, gilt edges, 6s.  [Ready.
                                         - 11. -
          The Story of Jack and the Giants.
              With numerous Illuitrations by RICHARD DOYLE.
Small 4to. price 2s. 6d. ; Coloured, gilt edges, ss.     [Near& ready.


   Aunt Effie's Rhymes for Little Children.
            With numerous Illufirations by HABLOT     K. BROWNE.
 Small 4to. cloth, price 2s. 6d. ; Coloured, gilt edges, ss. [ I n preparation.
                                        - IV. -
            Mrs. Myrtle's Country Pleasures.
                 With Eight Illufirations by JOHNGILBERT.
Quarto, cloth, price 3s. 6d. ; Coloured, gilt edges, 6s.  [ I n November.
                                         - v.-
                 Merry Tales for Little Folk.
                    Edited by Madame D E CHATELAIN.
         With more than T w o Hundred PiRures by FirA-rate Artifis.
                        I 6mo. cloth, price 3s. 6d.                 [Ready.
     "*" This Volume contains about Forty of the long-eftablifhed favourite Stories of
the Nurfery, in England and Abroad, re-written or re-tranflated from the original Authors,
by MADAME     DE CHATELAIN.    I n performing her labour of love, the Editor has adhered, as
far as poilible, to the words of the Authors, and has never attempted to improve the old
familiar Rhymes,-her    only aim having been to weed out fuch vulgarifms as modern tafie
reproves.
                       - -                   VI.

         The Patent IndestruAible Alphabet.
           Illuitrated with Twenty-iix PiRures, by JOHNABSOLON.
   Small 4to. Printed on prepared cloth, price One Shilling.    [Ready.
MAJA'S ALPHABET, a Coloured Edition of the above, printed on paper,
                    gilt edges, p rice
                                   '   IS.

                                        - VII. -
            The Patent Indestruliible Primer.
                   Illufirated with Forty PiRures, by DALZIEL.
   Small 4to.     Printed on prepared cloth, price One Shilling.                   [Ready.
