                           ADVERTISEMENTS.                                            31
                       --                                                        --   -




                  EAGLANDS newly invented INVISIBLE SPINE
              SUPPORTERS will be follnd well deserving the atten-
              tion of the Medical Profession, and of persons suffering
              under Spinal deformity and its consequences. As any
              attempt a t a description must needs fall s h o r t of giving
              a correct idea of the plan itself, ,Mr. EAGLAND solici!s
              a n inspection. They are beautlfully simple and eml-
              nently successful, quite imperceptible, and conceal the
              deformity from the keenest observer. Mr. E. has the
              pleasure t o add, that he is empowered to refer t o ladies
              of the highest respectability a s t o the remedial effects
              produced by their use.
                 12, C O V E N T R Y S T R E E T , H A Y M A R K E T ,
                                     LONDON.
                              *,*   Hours Eleven till Six.
                                                    -
C H I L D R E N ' S FROCKS. COATS, AND P
              I n all the New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
              large portion of which areexpressly adapted for School
              Wear, a t SHEARMAN'S, 5, FINSBURY PAVEMENT.
              LONDON (between the Bank and Finsbury Square).
                 SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view from
                                                             .
              the useful dress a t Is. Ild., 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d mddium,
              6s. 6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. Bd., 12s. 6d.; handso&  158. 6d.,
              18s. 6d., 21s. 6d., up to the richest goods mide i n Silk
              Velvets, Three, Four, and Five Guineas.
                 HOLLAND DRESSES of all kinds. Pinafores, 10bd.;
              Frocks, IS. 6d., Is. 9d.; ditto, long sleeves, 2s. gd.,
              3s. 6 d . ; Blouses, 3s. Ed., 4s. 6d., 5s. 6d.
                 MANTLES, PALETOTS, CLOAKS, JACKETS, and
              SPENCERS, in great variety, adapted for allages, two
              years and upwards.

         I N F A N T S ' CLOAKS, HOODS, H A T S , and B O N N E T S , L O N G
      and S H O R T ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
      Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Night Caps, Open
      and Round Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets, with a
      general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N , together with every article usually
      required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating the trouble and
      inconvenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops when
      J U V E N I L E C L O T H I N G is required.
         *, A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
      free on the receipt of a paid Letter.
