 584            T H E PERSONAL HISTORY       AND EXPERIENCE

  vision. By this time, I quite gave Traddles up for lost; and settled in my
  own mind that there was no hope for him.
     Being very anxious to see the dear old fellow, nevertheless, I despatched
  my dinner, in a manner not at all calculated to raise me in the opinion of
  the chief waiter, and hurried out by the back way. Number two in the
  Court was soon reached ; and an inscription on the door-post informing
 me that Mr. Traddles occupied a set of chambers on the top story, I
 ascended the staircase. A crazy old staircase I found it to be, feebly
 lighted on each landing by a club-headed little oil wick, dying away in a
 little dungeon of dirty glass.
     In the course of my stumbling up stairs, I fancied I heard a pleasant
 sound of laughter ; and not the laughter of an attorney or barrister, or
 attorney's clerk or barrister's clerk, but of two or three merry girls. Happen-
 ing, however, as I stopped to listen, to put my foot in a hole where the
 Honorable Society of Gray's Inn had left a plank deficient, I fell dowiz
 with some noise, and when I recovered my footing all was silent.
    Groping my way more carefully, for the rest of the journey, my heart
beat high when I found the outer door, which had MR. TRADDLES             painted
011 it, open. I knocked.         A considerable scuffling within ensued, but
nothing else. I therefore knocked again.
    A small sharp-looking lad, half-footboy and half-clerk, who was very
much out of breath, but who loolred at me as if he defied me to prove it
legally, presented himself.
    " I s Mr. Traddles within? " said I.
    " Yes, sir, but he 'S engaged."
    " I want to see him."

    After a moment's survey of me, the sharp-looking lad decided to let me
in ; and opening the door wider for that purpose, admitted me, first, into a
little closet of a hall, and next into a little sitting-room ; where I came
into the presence of my old friend (also out of breath), seated at a table,
and bending over papers.
    " Good God ! "      cried Traddles, looking up. " I t 'S Copperfield ! "
and rushed into my arms, where I held him tight.
    " All well, my dear Traddles ? "

    " All well, my dear, dear Copperfield, and nothing but good news ! "
    We cried with pleasure, both of us.
    " My dear fellow," said Traddles, rumpling his hair in his excitement,
which was a most unnecessary operation, "my dearest Copperfield, my
long-lost and most welcome friend, how glad I am to see you! How
brown you are ! How glad I am ! Upon my life ancl honor, I never was
so rejoiced, my beloved Copperfield, never ! "
    I was equally at a loss to express my emotions. I was quite unable to
speak, at first.
    " My dear fellow ! " said Traddles. "And grown so famous ! My
glorious Copperfield ! Good gracious me, when did you come, where have
you come from, what have you been doing? "
    Never pausing for an answer to anything he said, Traddles, who had
clapped me into an easy chair by the fire, all this time impetuously stirred
the fire with one hand, and pulled at my neck-kerchief with tlie other,
under some wild delusion that it was a great coat. Without putting
