                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                         21
                                                                                                                   -
--A            --   --



                             On the First of eve1.y Month, ift Parts, price Is.,
           W I T H T W O E N G R A V I N G S BY G E O R G E C R U I K S H A N K .

                         FRANK FAIRLEGH;
                                                       OR,

        SCENES FROM THE LIFE OF A PRIVATE PUPIL.
An endeavour to depict the Frolics and Foibles of Youth i n contact with the Wisdom of Age; and by uniting
   the Grave and the Gay, to administer to the tastes of all who have a relish for genuine humour, a n d can
   appreciate the pleasure of a joke.

                                   On the first of every Month, price Is.,

  SHARPE'S LONDON MAGAZINE                                                                                     *

                                                  CONSISTING OR
                                  O R I G I N A L ESSAYS, T A L E S ,      &c.,
By Mrss AGNESSTRICKLAN~,  Mas. POSTANS,MRS. COWDENCLARKE.The Author of "FRANKF A I R L E G H , ~ ~
         DR. BEATTIE,M.D., W.H.BARTLETT,Esq., J. TIMBS,Esq., and other popular Writers.
  This Magazine is printed in super-royal octavo, i n a new and elegant type; each Part contains Two fine
Engravings on Steel, from original Designs by the best A~tists.
  Eight Volumes of the Magazine have already appeared, and may h e had, elegantly bound i n scarlet cloth
price 4s. 6d. each. Each Volume is complete in itself; they are, therefore, recommended a s particularl;
valuable for Lending Libraries.
                     LONDON : ARTHUR HALL & CO., 25, PATERNOSTER ROW.

            C O M P A N I O N T O T H E V E R N O N GALLERY.
                             DEDICATED TO HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN.
         Jwt pu6lishecl, Part I., price 2s., 4to Royal ;a n edition on India paper, price 49.,
                                       To be coatinwed rnontld?/,

   THE ROYAL GALLERY OF ENGRAVINGS.
  Being a series of line Engravings. from the hest Paintings of the best Masters. Each Part will contain Four
highly-finished steel Engravings, engraved ~ X P I ~ S Sfor~ Y this work (average size 8 by 7 inches).   Every sub-
scriber to this work will he entitled t o Two very highly-finished large Steel Engravings (size 15 by l g
inches). See Prospectus of the ROYALGALLERY. TO be had (gratis) of every bookseller.
  " \Ye llcver snw a work so hcautifully and fully rxprcssed by engraving heforc."-Bedford nfrrcur!l.
  " ~ ui~dertaking
        n             of tlnis nature deserves tile utmost ellC0uraficmeilt."-Sfinlersel G ~ z d t t e .
  "The pldt~aare well executed, and reinarkably ctlea11."-Ca,~tberlIlad Puchet.

                          Just published, price £2 5s., 2 uols. cloth elegant.

       THE WORKS OF WILLIAM HOGARTH.
  Being a series of 150 Engravings on Steel, engraved in the first style of art, and accompanied by the popular
and valuable illustrative descriptions by the Rev. J. TRUSLER.
  " Examine the works of tbis painter-teacher as closely a s we may, we can discover nothing that will induce
a momentary doubt of his integrity of purpose in all hedid, and like those of the most immortal of our writers,
his works are 'not for an age but for all time.'"-Art-Journal.
  '.The engravings are exceedingly well executed."- HulI Aduerfiser.
  '.The work gives the most acurnte Idea of the originals."-Perthshire   Courier.

            E. T. BRAIN & CO., 88, FLEET STREET, AND 16, JOHN STREET, NEW YORB;
                                     AND O F ALL BOOKSELLERS.



THE MAGAZINE OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.
                                COMPLETE I N SEVEN VOLUMES, OCTAVO.
                                      Bound in Cloth, price 11. 15s.
  No present could be selected of a more useful kind than this valuable work, replete with
information not to be found in any other book; and being carefully indexed is easily
referred to.-N.B.   Any single volume may be had, price 6s. 6d.
                                     Bradbury &Evans, 11, Bouverie Street.
