                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           285
   "Did you get nothing, Traddles, after all? "
   " Oh dear yes ! " said Traddles. " I got fifty pounds. I had never
been brought up to any profession, and at first I was at a loss what to do
for myself. However, I began, with the assistance of the son of a profes-
sional man, who had been to Salem House-Yawler, with his nose on one
side. Do you recollect him?"
   No. H e had not been there with me; all the noses were straight, in
my day.
   " I t don't matter," said Traddles.    " I began, by means of his assist-
ance, to copy law writings. That didn't answer very well; and then I
began to state cases for them, and make abstracts, and do that sort of
work. For I am a plodding kind of fellow, Copperfield, and had learnt
the way of doing such things pithily. Well ! That put it in my head to
enter myself as a law student ; and that ran away with all that was left of
the fifty pounds. Yawler recommended me to one or two other offices,
however-Mr. Waterbrook's for one-and I got a good many jobs. I
was fortunate enough, too, to become acquainted with a person in the
publishing way, who was getting up an Encyclopzdia, and he set me to
work; and, indeed" (glancing at his table), " I am at work for him at
this minute. I am not a bad compiler, Copperfield," said Traddles,
preserving the same air of cheerful confidence in all he said, "but I have
no invention at all; not a particle. I suppose there never was a young
man with less originality than I have."
   As Traddles seemed to expect that I should assent to this as a matter
of course, I nodded ; and he went on, with the same sprightly patience-
I can find no better expression-as before.
    " So, by little and little, and not living high, 1managed to scrape up

the hundred pounds at last," said Traddles ; " and thank Heaven that's
paid-though it was-though it certainly was," said Traddles, wincing
again as if he had had another tooth out, " a pull. I am living by the sort
of work I have mentioned, still, and I hope, one of these days, to get con-
nected with some newspaper : which would almost be the making of my
fortune. Now, Copperfield, you are so exactly what you used to be, with
that agreeable face, and it's so pleasant to see you, that I sha'n't conceal
anything. Therefore you must know that I am engaged."
   Engaged ! Oh Dora !
   " She is a curate's daughter," said Traddles; " one of ten, down in
Devonshire. Yes !" For he saw me glance, involuntarily, at the prospect
on the inkstand. " That's the church ! You come round here, to the
left, out of this gate," tracing his finger along the inkstand, " and exactly
where I hold this pen, there stands the house-facing, you understand,
towards the church."
   The delight with which he entered into these particulars, did not
fully present itself to me until afterwards; for my selfish thoughts were
making a ground-plan of Mr. Spenlow's house and garden at the same
moment.
   " She is such a dear girl ! " said Traddles ; " a little older than me, but
the dearest girl ! I told you I was going out of town? I have been down
there. I walked there, and I walked back, and I had the most delightful
time ! I dare say ours is likely to be a rather long engagement, but
our motto is ' Wait and hope ! ' We always say that. 'Wait and hope,'
