 L
                                         -    ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                               -
       Illustrated Works for Christmas Presents.
                       FORSTER'S LIFE OF G O L D S M I T H .
         In 0%Large                                                                             &,
                          Volume, Svo, price 21s., with Forty Illustrations o n Wood, fmm dmeszgyts
                            STANFIELD,  MACLTSE?   LEECH,DOYLE,and HAMERTON,
                                  THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES O F

               OLIVER                                      GOLDSMITH.
                                        BY JOHN FORSTER,
                Of the Inner Temple, Barrister, Author of " Lives of Statesmen of the Commonwealth."
     " A biography executed with a spirit, a feeling, a grace, and an eloquence, that leave nothing
to be   desired. Indeed, i t would h a v e b e e n presumption in me t o u n d e r t a k e the s u b j e c t a f t e r it
had been t h u s felicitously treated, d i d    I not   s t a n d committed b y m y previous sketch."
                                                                 WASRINGTON IRVING'S Prefaoe to his Lifeof G d d m , ; ~ ,


                                           I n small 8v0, pm'ce 3s. 6d.,

          T H E E N C H A N T E D DOLL.
                                     f4 &irg EaIe far %little BeagTe.
                                          By MARK LEMON.
                        WITH NUMEROUS ILLUSTRATIONS BY RICHARD DOYLE.
   "This book is pretty in every sense of the word.        I t is a well.conducted legend, and one which children will
like to hear many times."-Athensum.


            I n One volume, small Svo, pqice 7s., with Ten Illustratiolts on Steel by the Author,
                         THE HISTORY OF SAMUEL TITMARSH
                                                            AND


      THE GREAT HOGGARTY DIAMOND.
                                  BY W. M. THACKERAY,                       EsQ,,
                                          Author of " Vanity Fair," k c .
  "It may not be so caustic as 'Vanity Fair.' or so funny as ' Pendennis,'but i t is nevertheless one of the most
perfect of Mr. Thackeray's prose productions."-Obseruer.

                            1m Two    Volzcrne~~
                                               handsomely bound         in cloth, price 21s.
                                    ILLUSTRATED BY JOHN LEECH.
WITH TWO HUNDRED WOODCUTS, AND TWENTY LARGE COLOURED STEEL ENGRAVINGS.

     THE COMIC HISTORY OF ENGLAND.
                            BY GILBERT A. a BECKETT, Esa.,
                                       Author of the   "   Comic Blackstone," &c.


I n ala Illustrated cove^, contailting Twelve Prints, przce 10s. 6d.,
                                                                   o r 1s. each, separately.                P d ga
                        handsome and arnzcsing Volume for the Drawing-room Table.


               THE RISING GENERATION.
                                           BY JOHN LEECH.
            A SERIES OF DRAWINGS ON STONE, BEAUTIFULLY COLOURED.
  "John Leech is the English Gavarni; and if others surpass him in fancy, noone approaches him in genteel
comedy. His pictures are bits of life."-Morning Chronicle.

                                BRADBURY &- EVANS,            11,   BOUVERIE STREET.
