436            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     " I thought, at one time," said Mr. Wickfield, "that you wished to
 send Maldon abroad to effect a desirable separation."
     " No, no, no ! " returned the Doctor. " To give Annie pleasure, by
 making some provision for the companion of her childhood. Nothing
 else."
     "So I found," said Mr. Wickfield. " I couldn't doubt it, when you
 told me so. But I thought-1 implore you to remember the narrow con-
 struction which has been my besetting sin-that, in a case where there was
 so much disparity in point of years-"
     " That's the way to put it, you see, Master Copperfield ! " observed

 Uriah, with fawning and offensive pity.
     " - a lady of such youth, and such attractions, however real her

 respect for you, might have been influenced in marrying, by ~vorldlycon-
 siderations only. I made no allowance for innumerable feelings and
 circumstances that may have all tended to good. For Heaven's sake
remember that ! "
     " FIow kind he puts it ! " said Uriah, shaking his head.

     " Always observing her from one point of view," said Mr. Wickfield ;
 "but by all that is dear to you, my old friend, I entreat you to consider
 what it was ; I am forced to confess now, having no escape-"
     "No ! There's no way out of it, Mr. Wickfield, sir," observed Uriah,
 "when it's got to this."
     " - that I did," said Mr. Vickfield, glancing helplessly and distractedly

 at his partner, "that I did doubt her, and think her wanting in her duty
 to you; and that I did sometimes, if I must say all, feel averse to Agnes
 being in such a familiar relation towards her, as to see what I saw, or
 in my diseased theory fancied that I saw. I never mentioned this to any
 one. I never meant it to be known to any one. And though it is terrible
 to you to hear," said Mr. Wickfield, quite subdued, "if you knew how
 terrible it is to me to tell, you would feel compassion for me ! "
     The Doctor, in the perfect goodness of his nature, put out his hand.
 Mr. Wickfield held it for a little while in his, with his head bowed
 down.
     " I am sure," said Uriah, writhing himself into the silence like a
 Conger-eel, "that this is a subject full of unpleasantness to everybody.
 But since we have got so far, I ought to take the liberty of mentioning
 that Copperfield has noticed it too."
     I turned upon him, and asked him how he dared refer to me !
     " Oh ! it's very kind of you, Copperfield," returned Uriah, undulating

all over, "and we all know what an amiable character yours is ; but you
know that the moment I spoke to you the other night, you knew what I
meant. You know you knew what I meant, Copperfield. Don't deny
i t ! You deny it with the best intentions; but don't do it, Copper-
field
--    !"
  . ...
     -


   I saw the mild eye of the good old Doctor turned upon me for a
moment, and I felt that the confession of my old misgivings and remem-
brances was too plainly written in my face to be overlooked. I t was of no
use raging. I could not undo that. Say what I would, I could not
unsay it.
   We were silent again, and remained so, until the Doctor rose and
