                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           13
   I thought her in a different style from my mother, certainly ; but of
another school of beauty, I considered her a perfect example. There was
a redvelvet footstool in the best parlor, on which my mother had painted
a nosegay. The ground-work of that stool, and Peggotty's complexion,
appeared to me to be one and the same thing. The stool was smooth,
and Peggotty was rough, but that made no difference.
   " Me handsome, Davy !" said Peggotty. " Lawk, no, my dear ! But
what put marriage in your head ? "
   " I don't know !-You mustn't marry more than one person at a time,
may you, Peggotty ?"
   " Certainly not," says Peggotty, with the promptest decision.
   "But if you marry a person, and the person dies, why then you may
marry another person, mayn't you, Peggotty ? "
   "You MAY," says Peggotty, "if you choose, my dear. That's a
matter of oninion." -
   r c But wcat is your opinion, Peggotty ? " said I.
   I asked her, and looked curiously at her, because she looked so curiously
at me.
    " My opinion is," said Peggotty, taking her eyes from me, after a little
indecision and going on with her work, "that I never was married myself,
Master Davy, and that I don't expect to be. That's all I know about the
subject."
   " You an't cross, I suppose, Peggotty, are you? " said I, after sitting
quiet for a minute.
   I really thought she was, she had been so short with me; but I was
quite mistaken : for she laid aside her work, (which was a stocking of her
own,) and opening her arms wide, took my curly head within them, and
gave it a good squeeze. I know it was a good squeeze, because, being
very plump, whenever she made any little exertion after she was dressed,
some of the buttons on the back of her gown flew off. And I recol-
lect two
-       .
           bursting to the opposite side of the parlor, while she was
hugging me.
   " Now let me hear some more about the Crorkindills," said Peggotty,

who was not quite right in the name yet, " for I an't heard half
enou~h."
---.  -~
       Q-
   I couldn't quite understand why Peggotty looked so queer, or why she
was so ready to go back to the crocodiles. However, we returned to those
monsters, with fresh wakefulness on my part, and we left their eggs in
the sand for the sun to hatch; and we ran away from them, and baffled
them by constantly turning, which they were unable to do quickly, on
account of their unwieldy make; and we went into the water after them,
as natives, and put sharp pieces of timber down their throats; and in
short we ran the whole crocodile gauntlet. I did at least; but I had my
doubts of Peggotty, who was thoughtfully sticking her needle into various
parts of her face and arms, all the time.
   We had exhausted the crocodiles, and begun with the alligators, when
the garden-bell rang. We went out to the door; and there was my
mother, looking unusually pretty, I thought, and with her a gentleman
with beautiful black hair and whiskers, who had walked home with us from
church last Sunday.
