              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

intellect, with a trifling exception; on the other, is that exception ; that is
to say, the affairs of Messrs. Wickfield and Keep, with all belonging and
appertaining thereunto. I trust I give no offence to the companion of
my youth, in submitting this proposition to his cooler judgment? "
   Though I saw an uneasy change in Mr. Micawber, which sat tightly on
him, as if his new duties were a misfit, I felt I had no right to be
offended. My telling him so, appeared to relieve him; and he shook
hands with me.
   "I am charmed, Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, " let me assure
you, with Miss Wickfield. She is a very superior young lady, of very
remarkable attractions, graces, and virtues. Upon my honour," said Mr.
Micawber, indefinitely kissing his hand and bowing with his genteelest
air, " I do Homage to Miss Wickfield ! Hem ! "
   "I am glad of that, at least," said I.
   " If you had not assured us, my dear Copperfield, on the occasion of
that agreeable afternoon we had the happiness of passing with you, that
D was your favourite letter," said Mr. Micawber, " I should unquestion-
ably have supposed that A had been so."
   We have all some experience of a feeling, that comes over us occasionally,
of what we are saying and doing having been said and done before, in
a remote time-of        our having been surrounded, dim ages ago, by the
same faces, objects, and circumstances-of our knowing perfectly what
will be said next, as if we suddenly remembered it ! I never had this
mysterious impression more strongly in my life, than before he uttered
those words.
   I took my leave of Mr. Micawber, for the time, charging him with my
best remembrances to all at home. As I left him, resuming his stool
and his pen, and rolling his head in his stock, to get it into easier writing
order, I clearly perceived that there was something interposed between him
and me, since he had come into his new functions which prevented our
getting at each other as we used to do, and quite altered the character of
our intercourse.
   There was no one in the quaint old drawing-room, though it presented
tokens of Mrs. Heep's whereabout. I looked into the room still belonging
to Agnes, and saw her sitting by the fire, at a pretty old fashioned desk
she had, writing.
   My darkening the light made her look up. What a pleasure to be the
cause of that bright change in her attentive face, and the object of that
sweet regard andwelcome-!
   "Ah, Agnes!" said I, when we were sitting together, side by side;
"I have missed you so much, lately ! "
   " Indeed ? " she replied.    " Again !  And so soon ? "
   I shook my head.
   " I don't know how it is, Agnes; I seem to want some faculty of mind
that I ought to have. You were so much in the habit of thinking for me,
in the happy old days here, and I came so naturally to you for counsel
and support, that I really think I have missed acquiring i t ? "
   " And what is it ? " said Agnes, cheerfully.

   " I don't know what to call it," I replied. " I think I am earnest and
persevering ? "
