                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

ten, eleven and a half; and I am happy to recover my moral dignity, and
to know that I can once more walk erect before my fellow man ! "
   With this introduction (which greatly affected him), Mr. Micawber
placed his I. 0.U. in the hands of Traddles, and said he wished him well
in every relation of life. I am persuaded, not only that this was quite the
same to Mr. Micawber as paying the money, but that Traddles himself
hardly knew the difference until he had had time to think about it.
   Mr. Micawber walked so erect before his fellow man, on the strength of
this virtuous action, that his chest looked half as broad again when he
lighted us down stairs. We parted with great heartiness on both sides ;
and when I had seen Traddles to his own door, and was going home alone,
I thought, among the other odd and contradictory things I mused upon,
that, slippery as Mr. Micawber was, I was probably indebted to some com-
passionate recollection he retained of me as his boy-lodger, for never having
been asked by him for money. I certainly should not have had the moral
courage to refuse it ; and I have no doubt he knew that (to his credit be
it written), quite as well as I did.




                          CHAPTER XXXVII.
                         A LITTLE     COLD WATER.

   MYnew life had lasted for more than a week, and I was stronger than ever
in those tremendous practical resolutions that I felt the crisis required. I
continued to walk extremely fast, and to have a general idea that I was
getting on. I made it a rule to take as much out of myself as I possibly
could, in my way of doing everything to which I applied my energies. I
made a perfect victim of myself. I even entertained some idea of putting
myself on avegetable diet, vaguely conceiving that, in becoming a gramini-
vorous animal, I should sacrifice to Dora.
   As yet, little Dora was quite unconscious of my desperate firmness,
otherwise than as my letters darkly shadowed it forth. But, another
Saturday came, and on that Saturday evening she was to be at Miss
Mills's ; and when Mr. Mills had gone to his whist-club (telegraphed to me
in the street, by a bird-cage in the drawing-room middle window), I was to
go there to tea.
   By this time, we were quite settled down in Buckingham Street, where
Mr. Dick continued his copying in a state of absolute felicity. My aunt
had obtained a signal victory over Mrs. Crupp, by paying her off, throw-
ing the first pitcher she planted on the stairs out of window, and protecting
in person, up and down the staircase, a supernumerary whom she engaged
from the outer world. These vigorous measures struck such terror to
the breast of Mrs. Crupp, that she subsided into her own kitchen, under
the impression that my aunt was mad. My aunt being supremely indif-
ferent to Mrs. Crupp's opinion and everybody else's, and rather favoring
than discouraging the idea, Mrs. Crupp, of late the bold, became within a
