                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           349
view it is not so bad as it might be, because Sophy takes her place. She
is quite as much a mother to her mother, as she is to the other nine."
    I felt the greatest admiration for the virtues of this young lady; and,
honestly with the view of doing my best to prevent the good-nature of
Traddles from being imposed upon, to the detriment of their joint pros-
pects in life, inquired how Mr. Micawber was ?
    " He is quite well, Copperfield, thank you," said Traddles. " I am not
living with him at present."
     &lt;&lt;No?"
     " No.   You see the truth is," said Traddles, in a whisper, " he has
 changed his name to Mortimer, in consequence of his temporary embarrass-
 ments ; and he don't come out till after dark-and then in spectacles.
 There was an execution put into our house, for rent. Mrs. Micawber was
in such a dreadful state that I really couldn't resist giving my name to that
 second bill we spoke of here. You may imagine how delightful it was to
 my feelings, Copperfield, to see the matter settled with it, and Mrs. Micaw-
 ber recover her spirits."
    " Hum ! " said I.
    " Not that her happiness was of long duration," pursued Traddles,
 " for, unfortunately, within a week another execution came in. I t broke
 up the establishment. I have been living in a furnished apartment since
then, and the Mortimers have been very private indeed. I hope you won't
think it selfish, Copperfield, if I mention that the broker carried off my
little round table with the marble top, and Sophy's flower-pot and stand? "
    " What a hard thing ! " I exclaimed indignantly.

    " I t was a-it      was a pull," said Traddles, with his usual wince at
that expression. " I don't mention it reproachfully, however, but with a
motive. The fact is, Copperfield, I was unable to repurchase them at the
time of their seizure ; in the first place, because the broker, having an idea
that I wanted them, ran the price up to an extravagant extent ; and, in the
second place, because I-hadn't       any money. Now, I have kept my eye
since, upon the broker's shop," said Traddles, with a great enjoyment of
his mystery, " which is up at the top of Tottenham Court Road, and, at
last, to-day I find them put out for sale. I have only noticed them from
over the way, because if the broker saw me, bless you, he 'd ask any price
for them! What has occurred to me, having now the money, is, that
perhaps you wouldn't object to ask that good nurse of yours to come with
me to the shop-I can show it her from round the corner of the next
street-and make the best bargain for them, as if they were for herself,
that she can ! "
    The delight with which Traddles propounded this plan to me, and the
sense he had of its uncommon artfulness, are among the freshest things in
my remembrance.
   I told him that my old nurse would be delighted to assist him, and that
we would all three take the field together, but on one condition. That
condition was, that he should make a solemn resolution to grant no more
loans of his name, or anything else, to Mr. Micawber.
    '' My dear Copperfield," said Traddles, " I have already done so,
because I begin to feel that I have not only been inconsiderate, but that I
have been positively unjust to Sophy. My word being passed to myself,
