                         UNIFORX I N SIZE AND STYLE O F BINDING.
                                         ---
                BUNYAN'S PILGRIM'S PROGRESS.
            A splendidly Illustrated Edition, in super-royal 8vo. comprising
       ONE HUNDRED AND TWENTY FINE ENGRAVINGS ON WOOD,
     By the Messrs. WHIMPFR,  from Designs made expressly for the purpose.
       Also, Nine elegant Engravings on Steel, a Portrait, and a Fac-simile of
                               John Bunyan's Will.
                Complete in one handsome volume, cloth, price 188.


                              THE HOLY WAR.
    Uniform in size and style, and forming an appropriate companion to the "Pictorial
                            Pilgrim's Progress." Containing
          SIXTY-SIX            SPLENDID            ILLUSTRATIONS,
                  Designed expressly for this Edition. Cloth gilt, 128.


    FOXE'S ACTS & MONUMENTS OF THE CHURCH,
                            WITH AN INTRODUCTORY ESSAY.
    The whole carefully Revised and Edited by the Rev. JOHN        CUIMING, D.D. Author
      of "Apocalyptic Sketches," &c. Illustrated with numerous Wood Engravings, a
      series of highly-finished Portraits of the leading characters connected with the
      Reformation, and other Illustrative Plates.
              I n three large vols. super-royal 8vo. cloth gilt, price 31. 13s. 6d.


                     THE WORKS OF JOSEPHUS.
                                                               D.D.
           With an Introductory Essay, by the Rev. HENRYSTEBBINCT,
      Illustrated by Eighty fine Woodcuts, from Designs by Melville,
             Also, Eleven Engravings on Steel, and a Portrait of the Author.
                      I n one vol. super-royal 8vo. cloth, price 1Z. 5s.


                     SHAKSPERE ILLUSTRATED.
                      EDITEDBY    THE   REV. HENRY
                                                 STEBBING,
                                                        F.R.S.
    A New Edition, comprising the whole of his Dramatic Works. Also, a
       BIOGRAPHY    OB SHAXSPGRE, and an Inquiry into the Authcnticity of his Por-
       traits, by A. WIVELL,Esq.
       The Embellishments consist in a series of Fifty Engravings of Scenes in the
    various Plays, Landscape Illustrations of remarkable places, and Portraits of dis-
    tinguished characters. Xuper-royal avo. cloth, price 12.5s.


                        THE WORKS OF BURNS.
    Embellished with Thirty-three Plates (after Wright and other artists), illustrative
      of the principal subjects of his Poems. With a New LIFE OB BURNS,and
      Explanatory Notes preceding each poem, by ALLAN     CUNRINGHAM.
       One vol. super-royal 8vo. cloth extra, price 18s. An Edition with 61 Plates,
                                        price 11.4s.
      This will be found the most complete and best Edition of the Works of Burns
    yet offered to the public, and the only one edited by and published under the
    immediate superintendence of BIr. Cunningham.

I                  : A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
              LONDON                                   ROW.
