534           THE PERSONAL I-IISTORY AND EXPERIEXCE

  " Ury, Ury ! Be umble, and make terms, my dear ! "
  " Mother ! " he retorted, " will you keep quiet ? You 're in a fright, and
don't know what you say or mean. Umble ! " he repeated, looking at me,
 with a snarl; "I've umbled some of 'em for a pretty long time back,
 umble as I was ! "
     Mr. Micawber, genteelly adjusting his chin in his cravat, presently
 proceeded with his composition.
     "'Second. HEEP has, on several occasions, to the best of my know-
 ledge, information, and belief' "-
     "But that won't do," muttered Uriah, relieved. " Mother, you keep
 quiet ."
     "We will endeavour to provide something that WILL do, and do for
 you finally, sir, very shortly," replied Mr. Micawber.
     " ' Second. HEEPhas, on several occasions, to the best of my knowledge,

 information, and belief, systematically forged, to various entries, books,
 and documents, the signature of Mr. W. ; and has distinctly done so in
 one instance, capable of proof by me. To wit, in manner following, that
 is to say : ' "
    Again, Mr. Micawber had a relish in this formal piling up of words,
 which, however ludicrously displayed in his case, was, I must say, not at
 all peculiar to him. I have observed it, in the course of my life, in num-
 bers of men. I t seems to me to be a general rule. I n the taking of legal
 oaths, for instance, deponents seem to enjoy themselves mightily when
 they come to several good words in succession, for the expression of one
idea; as, that they utterly detest, abominate, and abjure, or so forth ; and
 the old anathemas were made relishing on the same principle. We talk
 about the tyranny of words, but we like to tyrannise over them too; we
 are fond of having a large superfluous establishment of words to wait
 upon us on great occasions; we think it looks important, and sounds
 well. As we are not particular about the meaning of our liveries on state
 occasions, if they be but fine and numerous enough, so, the meaning or
necessity of our words is a secondary consideration, if there be but a great
parade of them. And as individuals get into trouble by making too great
a show of liveries, or as slaves when they are too numerous rise against
their masters, so I think I could mention a nation that has got into many
great difficulties, and will get into many greater, from maintaining too
large a retinue of words.
    Mr. Micawber read on, almost smacking his lips :
    " 'To wit, in manner following, that is to say. Mr. W. being infirm,
and it being within the bounds of probability that his decease might lead
to some discoveries, and to the downfall of-HEEP's-power         over the W.
family,-as I, Wilkins Micawber, the undersigned, assume-unless the
filial affection of his daughter could be secretly influenced from allowing
any investigation of the partnership affairs to be ever made, the said
-HEEP-deemed           it expedient to have a bond ready by him, as from
Mr. W., for the before-mentioned sum of twelve six fourteen, two and
nine, with interest, stated therein to have been advanced by-HEEP-to
Mr. W. to save Mr. W. from dishonor ; though really the sum was never
 advanced by him, and has long been replaced. The signatures to this
instrument, purporting to be executed by Mr. W. and attested by Wilkins
 Micarvber, are forgeries by-HEEP.         I have, in my possession, in his
