                                                 ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                        11
                                     -                                    -




                 ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
THE economy both in the cost and wear of this Umbrella has been fully
borne out by the experience of these last 18 months, and which can be
testified by some thousands of purchasers to whom they have given universal
satisfaction. They may be obtained of most Umbrella Dealers in the
United Kingdom, from 10s. 8d. each.
          W. & J, SANGSTER,Patentees, 140, Regent-street,
                                              9 4 , Fleet-street,
                                              10, Royal Exchange.
                                Warehouse, 75, Cheapside.
            CHEAP SILK UMBRELLAS, from '7s. each.
  The houses licensed for the manufacture of the Alpaca Umbrella,
wholesale, are              Messrs. J. & W. RUTTER, 122, Cheapside.
                                                ,,     J. MOBLAND & SON, 58, Eastcheap.
                                                  ,,     WADDZXOTON & SONS, 1, Coleman St.




PERFECT FREEDOM FROM COUGHS IN TEN MINUTES, AND INSTANT R E L I E F
    AND A RAPID CURE O F ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION, COUGHS,
      COLDS, AND ALL DISORDERS OF THE BREATH AND LUNGS,
                                                    A R E INSURED BY


 D R . LOCOCK'S P U L M O N I C W A F E R S .
     \*   SnzaZl books, containing many hmzdreds of properly authenticated Te'estimonials,may be
                                       had from eveTy Agent.
Cures of Influenza, Coughs, Colds, &c.                              Suprising Cure of Asthma of Ten
From James Drury, Medicine Warehouse, 224, Stone-                           Years' Standing.
                        bow, Lincoln.                               Sir,-I have for the last ten years been afflictedwith
  Gentlemen,-I a m authorised by severalLadiesand                 an asthma, during which time I have tried every
Gentlemen, (whose names I can give if required) to                known remedy, and have had thehest medicaladvice
state that Dr. Locock's Wafers have proved of the                 possible for me to get. In fact, I have spent from 6 4 0
highest efficacy t o t h e m for colds, coughs, hoarseness,       to 6 5 0 on medical advice alone, and all t o n o avail;
wheezing, influenza, sore throat, &c. The demand                  and I gave up all hopes of ever having the disease
for the Wafers increases daily, and in almost every               removed, until I was recommended to t r y ~ rLocock's
                                                                                                                   .
sale I hear of t h e benefits obtained by their use.              Wafers. I purchased two small boxes and one large
  The present weather has given sufficient proof of               one three months since,      which I am now perfectly
their efficacy, &c.                                               curLd, and beg to return many thanks, &c.
                   I remain, yours, &c.,
                                     JAMBS DR(IRY.            /                (Signed)           HENRY BISHTON.
                                                                     March 20 1846. Princes-end, Tipton.
                                                                  To Mr. ~ o h n ' ~
                                                                                   Williams,
                                                                                     .       Chemist, Tipton.
   TO SINGERS AND PUBLIC SPEAKERS they are invaluable, as in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
   They have a pleasant taste. Price 1s. l-f,d., 2s. 9d., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS  : DA SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.
                                           OF W H O M ALSO MAY BE HAD

                      DR. LOCOCKJS FEMALE WAFERS.
  HAVENO TASTEOF MEDICINE,and are the only remedy recommended to be taken by Ladies.
Price Is, lid., 28, 9d., and 11s. per Box, Beware of Imitations in the form of fipills."
