                         O F DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   " I never found it either," said I.
   " I n the meantime, sir," said Mr. Chillip, "they are much disliked;
  and as they are very free in consigning everybody who dislikes them to
  perdition, we really have a good deal of perdition going on in our neigh-
  bourhood ! Ilowever, as Mrs. Chillip says, sir, they undergo a continual
  punishment; for they are turned inward, to feed upon their own hearts,
  and their own hearts are very bad feeding. Now, sir, about that brain of
  yours, if you'll excuse my returning to it. Don't you expose it to a
  good deal of excitement, sir ? "
    I found it not difficult, i n the excitement of Mr. Chillip's own brain,
 under his potations of negus, to divert his attention from this topic to
 his own aflairs, on which, for the next half hour, he was quite loquacious;
 giving me to understand, among other pieces of information, that he was
 then at the Gray's Inn Coffee-house to lay his professional evidence before
 a Commission of Lunacy, touching the state of mind of a patient who had
 become deranged from excessive drinking.
    "And I assure you, sir," he said, " I am extremely nervous on such
 occasions. I could not support being what is called Bullied, sir. I t
 would quite unrnan me. Do you know it was some time before I
 recovered the conduct of that alarming lady, on the night of your birth,
 Mr. Copperfield ? "
    I told him that I was going down to my aunt, the Dragon of that
night, early in the morning; and that she was one of the most tender-
hearted and excellent of women, as he would know h11 well if he knew
her better. The mere notion of the possibility of his ever seeing her
again, appeared to terrify him. H e replied, with a small pale smile, " Is she
so, indeed, sir ? Really ? " and almost immediately called for a candle,
and went to bed, as if he were not qulte safe anywhere else. He did not
actually stagger under the negus; but I should think his placid little pulse
must have made two or three more beats in a minute, than it had done
since the great night of my aunt's disappointment, when she struck at him
with her bonnet,.
    Thoroughly tired, I went to bed too, at midnight; passed the next da.y
on the Dover coach; burst safe and sound into my aunt's old parlor
while she was at tea (she wore spectacles now); and was received by her,
and M r Dick, and dear old Peggotty, who acted as housekeeper, with open
arms and tears of joy. My aunt was mightily amused, when we began
to talk composedly, by my account of my meeting with Mr. Chdlip, and
of his holding her in such dread remembrance; and both she and Peggotty
had a great deal to say about my poor mother's second husband, and
"that murdering woman of a sister,"-on           whom I think no pain or
penalty would have induced my aunt to bestow any Christian or Proper
Name, or any other designation.
