                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            81
almost transparent. But the change to which I now refer was superadded
to this : it was in her manner, which became anxious and fluttered. At
last she said, putting out her hand, and laying it affectionately on the hand
of her old servant,
   " Peggotty, dear, you are not going to be married ? "
   " Me, ma'am ? " returned Peggotty, staring. " Lord bless you, no !"
   " Not just yet ? " said my mother, tenderly.
   " Never ! " cried Peggotty.
   My mother took her hand, and said :
   " Don't leave me, Peggotty. Stay with me. I t will not be for long,
perhaps. What should I ever do without you !"
   "Me leave you, my precious !" cried Peggotty. "Not for all the
world and his wife. Why, what's put that in your silly little head ? "
-For Peggotty had been used of old to talk to my mother sometimes
like a child.
   But my mother made no answer, except to thank her, and Peggotty
went running on in her own fashion.
   "Me leave you? I think I see myself. Peggotty go away from you?
I should like to catch her at it ! No, no, no," said Peggotty, shaking her
head, and folding her arms ; "not she, my dear. I t isn't that there ain't
some Cats that would be well enough pleased if she did, but they shan't
be pleased. They shall be aggravated. I'll stay with you till I am a
cross cranky old woman. And when I'm too deaf, and too lame, and too
blind, and too mumbly for want of teeth, to be of any use at all, even to be
found fault with, then I shall go to my Davy, and ask him to take me in."
   " And, Peggotty," says I, '[I shall be glad to see you, and 1'11 make
you as welcome as a queen."
   " Bless your dear heart ! " cried Peggotty. " I know you will ! " And
she kissed me beforehand, in grateful acknowledgment of my hospitality.
After that, she covered her head up with her apron again, and had another
laugh about Mr. Barkis. After that, she took the baby out of its little
cradle, and nursed it. After that, she cleared the dinner-table ; after that,
canie in with another cap on, and her work-box, and the yard-measure,
and the bit of wax candle, all just the same as ever.
   We sat round the fire, and talked delightfully. I told them what a hard
master Mr. Creakle was, and they pitied me very much. I told them
what a fine fellow Steerforth was, and what a patron of mine, and Peggotty
said she would walk a score of miles to see him. I took the little baby in
my arms when it was awake, and nursed it lovingly. When it was asleep
 again, I crept close to my mother's side according to my old custom,
 broken now a long time, and sat with my arms embracing her waist, and
my little red cheek on her shoulder, and once more felt her beautiful hair
 drooping over me-like an angel's wing as I used to think, I recollect-
 and was very happy indeed.
   While I sat thus, looking at the fire, and seeing pictures in the red-hot
 coals, I almost believed that I had never been away ; that Mr. and Miss
 Murdstone were such pictures, and would vanish when the fire got low ;
 and that there was nothing real in all that I remembered, save my mother,
 Peggotty, and I.
   Peggotty darned away at a stocking as long as she could see, and then
                                                                G
