                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            523
  times, I think that if I hadn't had her promise fur to marry me, sir, she
  was that trustful of me, in a friendly way, that she 'd have told me what
 was struggling in her mind, and would have counselled with me, and I
 might have saved her."
     I pressed his hand. " Is that all ? "
     " Theer 'S yet a something else," he returned, 'lif I can say it, Mas'r

 Davv."
    @e walked on, farther than we had walked yet, before he spoke again.
 He was not crying when he made the pauses I shall express by lines. He
 was merely collecting himself to speak very plainly.
    "I loved her-and I love the mem'ry of her-too deep-to be able to
 lead her to believe of my own self as I 'm a happy man. I could only be
 happy-by forgetting of her-and I ' m afeerd I couldn't hardly bear as
 she should be told I done that. But if you, being so f ~ ~of     l l learning,
 Mas'r Davy, could think of anything to say as might bring her to be-
 lieve I wasn't greatly hurt : still lovlng of her, and mourning for her:
 anything as might bring her to beliere as I was not tired of my life, and
 yet was hoping fur to see her without blame, wheer the wicked cease from
 troubling and the weary are at rest-anything as would ease her sorrowful
 mind, and yet not make her think as 1 could ever marry, or as 'twas
possible that any one could ever be to me what she was-I should ask of
you to say that-with my prayers for her-that was so dear."
    I pressed his manly hand again, and told him I would charge myself to
do this as well as I could.
    " I thankee, sir," he answered. '"T\vas kind of you to meet me.
'Twas kind of you to bear him company down. Mas'r Davg, I unnerstan'
very well, though my aunt will come to Lon'oii afore they sail, and they'll
unite once more, that I am not like to see him agen. I fare to feel sure
on't. We doen't say so, but so 'twill be, and better so. The last you
see on him-the very last-will you give him the lovingest duty and
thanks of the orphan, as he was ever more than a father t o ? "
    This I also promised, faithfully.
    " I thankee again, sir," he said, heartily shaking hands.        " I know

wheer you're a going. Good bye ! "
    With a slight wave of his hand, as though to explain to me that he
could not enter the old place, lie turned away. As I looked after his
figure, crossing the waste in the moonlight, I saw him turn his face
towards a strip of silvery light upon the sea, and pass on, looking at it,
until he was a shadow in the distance.
    The door of the boat-house stood open when I approached ; and, on
entering, I found it emptied of all its furniture, saving one of the old
lockers, on which Mrs. Gummidge, with a basket on her knee, was seated,
looking at Mr. Peggotty. He leaned his elbow oil the rough chimney-piece,
and gazed upon a few expiring embers in the grate; but he raised his
head, hopefully, on my coming in, and spoke in a cheery manner.
    " Come, according to promise, to bid farewell to 't, eh, Mas'r Davy ! "

he said, taking up the candle. " Bare enough now, an't it ? "
    " Indeed you have made good use of the time," said I.

    " Why we have not been idle, sir. Missis Gummidge has worked like
a-I doen't know what Missis Gummidge ain't worked like," said Mr.
Peggotty, looking at her, at a loss for a sufficiently-approving simile.
