                         OF DAVID    COPPERFIELD.



                           CHAPTER XXIV.
                         MY FIRST DISSIPATION.

   ITwas a wonderfully fine thing to have that lofty castle to myself, and
to feel, when I shut my outer door, like Robinson Crusoe, when he had
got into his fortification, and pulled his ladder up after him. I t was
a wonderfully fine thing to walk about town with the key of my house in
my pocket, and to know that I could ask any fellow to come home, and
make quite sure of its being inconvenient to nobody, if it were not so to
me. I t was a wonderfully fine thing to let myself in and out, and to
come and go without a word to any one, and to ring Mrs. Crupp up,
gasping, from the depths of the earth, when I wanted her-and when
she was disposed to come. All this, I say, was wonderfully fine ; but I
must say, too, that there were times when it was very dreary.
   I t was fine in the morning, particularly in the fine mornings. I t
looked a very fresh, free life, by daylight : still fresher, and more free, by
sunlight. But as the day declined, the life seemed to go down too. I
don't know how it was ; it seldom looked well by candle-light. I wanted
somebody to talk to, then. I missed Agnes. I found a tremendous
blank, in the place of that smiling repository of my confidence. Mrs.
Crupp appeared to be a long way off. I thought about my predecessor,
who had died of drink and smoke; and I could have wished he had been so
good as to live, and not bother me with his decease.
   After two days and nights, I felt as if I had lived there for a year, and
yet I was not an hour older, but was quite as much tormented by my
own youthfulness as ever.
   Steerforth not yet appearing, which induced me to apprehend that he
must be ill, I left the Commons early on the third day, and walked out to
Highgate. Mrs. Steerforth was very glad to see me, and said that he had
gone away with one of his Oxford friends to see another who lived near
St. Albans, but that she expected him to return to-morrow. I was so
fond of him, that I felt quite jealous of his Oxford friends.
   As she pressed me to stay to dinner, I remained, and I believe we talked
about nothing but him all day. I told her how much the people liked
him at Yarmouth, and what a delightful companion he had been. Miss
Dartle was full of hints and mysterious questions, but took a great
interest in all our proceedings there, and said, " Was it really, though?" and
so forth, so often, that she got everything out of me she wanted to know.
Her appearance was exactly what I have described it, when I first saw
her; but the society of the two ladies was so agreeable, and came so
natural to me, that I felt myself falling a little in love with her. I could
not help thinking, several times in the course of the evening, and parti-
cularly when I walked home at night, what delightful company she would
be in Buckingham Street.
   I was taking my coffee and roll in the morning, before going to the
Commons-and I may observe in this place that it is surprising how
much coffee Mrs. Crupp used, and how weak it was, considering-when
Steerforth himself walked in, to my unbounded joy.
