148            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

terror, that he was coming to speak to her himself on the next day. On
the next day, still bundled up in my curious habiliments, I sat counting
the time, flushed and heated by the conflict of sinking hopes and rising
fears within me; and waiting to be startled by the sight of the gloomy
face, whose non-arrival startled me every minute.
   My aunt was a little more imperious and stern than usual, but I
observed no other token of her preparing herself to receive the visitor so
much dreaded by me. She sat at work in the window, and I sat by, with
my thoughts running astray on all possible and impossible results of
Mr. Murdstone's visit, until pretty late in the afternoon. Our dinner had
been indefinitely postponed; but it was growing so late, that my aunt had
ordered it to be got ready, when she gave a sudden alarm of donkeys, and
to my consternation and amazement, I beheld Miss Murdstone, on a side-
saddle, ride deliberately over the sacred piece of green, and stop in front of
the house, looking about her.
   " Go along with you ! " cried my aunt, shaking her head and her fist at
the window. " You have no business there. How dare you trespass ?
Go along ! Oh, you bold-faced thing ! "
   My aunt was so exasperated by the coolness with which Miss Mnrd-
stone looked about her, that I really believe she was motionless, and
unable for the moment to dart out according to custom. I seized the
opportunity to inform her who it was ; and that the gentleman now com-
ing near the offender (for the way up was very steep, and he had dropped
behind), was Mr. Murdstone himself.
   " I don't care who it is ! " cried my aunt, still shaking her head, and
gesticulating anything but welcome from the bow-window. " I won't be
trespassed upon. I won't allow it. Go away ! Janet, turn him round.
Lead him off! " and I saw, from behind my aunt, a sort of hurried battle-
piece, in which the donkey stood resisting everybody, with all his four legs
planted different ways, while Janet tried to pull him round by the
bridle, Mr. Murdstone tried to lead him on, Miss Murdstone struck at
Janet with a parasol, and several boys, who had come to see the engage-
ment, shouted vigorously. But my aunt, suddenly descrying among them
the young malefactor who was the donkey's guardian, and who was one
of the most inveterate offenders against her, though hardly in his teens,
rushed out to the scene of action, pounced upon him, captured him,
dragged him, with his jacket over his head, and his heels grinding the
ground, into the garden, and, calling upon Janet to fetch the constables
and justices that he might be taken, tried, and executed on the spot, held
him at bay there. This part of the business, however, did not last long ; for
the young rascal, being expert at a variety of feints and dodges, of which
 my aunt had no conception, soon went whooping away, leaving some deep
impressions of his nailed boots in the flower-beds, and taking his donkey
in triumph with him.
   Miss Murdstone, during the latter portion of the contest, had dismounted,
and was now waiting with her brother at the bottom of the steps, until
my aunt should be at leisure to receive them. My aunt, a little ruffled
by the combat, marched past them into the house, with great dignity, and
took no notice of their presence, until they were announced by Janet.
   " Shall I go away, aunt ? " I asked, trembling.
   " NO, sir," said my aunt. " Certainly not ! " With which she pushed
