                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            436
ragement. H e put his hand upon my shoulder, as it had been his custom
to do when I was quite a little fellow, but did not lift his grey head.
   "As you didn't understand me, Master Copperfield," resumed Uriah
in the same officious manner, " I may take the liberty of umbly men-
tioning, being among friends, that I have called Doctor Strong's attention
to the goings-on of Mrs. Strong. I t ' s much against the grain with me,
T assure you, Copperfield, to be concerned in anything so unpleasant;
but really, as it is, we 're all mixing ourselves up with what oughtn't
to be. That was what my meaning was, sir, when you didn't under-
stand me."
    I wonder now, when I recall his leer, that I did not collar him, and try
to shake the breath out of his body.
    " I dare say I didn't malie myself very clear," he went on, " nor you
neither. Naturally, we was both of us inclined to give such a subject a
wide berth. EIows'ever, at last I have made up my mind to speak plain;
and I have mentioned to Doctor Strong that-did you speak, sir ? "
    This mas to the Doctor, who had moaned. The sound might have
touched any heart, I thought, but it had no effect upon Uriah's.
    "-    mentioned to Doctor Strong," he proceeded, "that any one
 may see that Mr. Maldon, and the lovely and agreeable lady as is Doctor
 Strong's wife, are too sweet on one another. Really the time is come
 (we being at present all mixing ourselves up with what oughtn't to be),
 when Doctor Strong must be told that this was full as plain to everybody
 as the sun, before Jlr. Maldon went to India; that 1Mr. Maldon made
 excuses to come back, for nothing else; and that he's always here, for
 nothing else. When you come in, sir, I was jnst putting it to my fellow-
partner," towards whom he turned, " to say to Doctor Strong upon his
word and honor, whether he 'd ever been of this opinion long ago, or not.
 Come, Mr. Wiclcfield, sir! Would you be so good  -       as tell u s ? Yes or
 no, sir ? Come, partner ! "
    "Por God's salce, my dear Doctor," said Mr. Wickfield, again laying
 his irresolute hand upon the Doctor's arm, "don't attach too much
 weight to any suspicions I may have entertained."
    "There ! " cried Uriah, shaking his head. "What a melancholy
 confirmation : ain't i t ? Him ! Such an old friend ! Bless your soul,
 when I was nothing but a clerk in his office, Copperfield, I've seen
 him twenty times, if I've seen him once, quite in a taking about it-
 quite put out, you know (and very proper in him as a father; I ' m sure I
 can't blame him), to think that Miss Agnes was mixing herself up with
 what oughtn't to be."
    " My dear Strong," said Mr. Wickfield in a tremulous voice, "my
 good friend, I needn't tell you that it has been my vice to look for some
 one master motive in everybody, and to try all actions by one narrow test.
 I may have fallen into such doubts as I have had, through this mistake."
     "Yon have had doubts, Wickfield," said the Doctor, without lifting up
 his head. "You have had doubts."
     " Speak up, fellonr-partner," urged Uriah.

     " I had, at one time, certainly," said Mr. Wiclifield. " I-God forgive
 me-I thought you had."
     '(No, no, no ! " returned the Doctor, in a tone of most pathetic grief.
                                                             P F 2
