                          OE DAVID COPPERELELD.

 The driver recognised my aunt, and, in obedience to a motion of her hand
 at the window, drove slowly off; we following.
    " You understand it now, Trot," said my aunt. " EIe is gone ! "
    " Did he die in the hospital? "

    ' L Yes."
     -


    She sat immovable beside me; but, again I saw the stray tears on her
 face.
    " tIe was there once before," said my aunt presently. '"IJe was ailing
 a long time-a shattered, broken man, these many years. When he knew
 his state in this last illness, he asked them to send for me. EIe was sorry
 then. Very sorry."
    "YOUwent, I know, aunt."
    " I went.    I was with him a good deal afterwards."
    " He died the night before u e went to Canterburj ? " said I.

    l\iy aunt nodded. " No one can harm him now," she said. " It was
 a vain threat."
    We drore away, out of town, to the churchyard at Hornsey. "Better
 here than in the streets," said my aunt. " He was born here."
    We alighted; and followed the plain coffin to a corner I remember
 well, where the service was read consigning it to the dust.
    " Six-and-thirty years ago, this day, my dear," said my aunt, as we

 walked back to the chariot, " I was married. God forgive us all ! "
    We took our seats in silence; and so she sat beside me for a long time,
 holding my hand. At length she suddenly burst into tears, and sald :
    " II? was a fine-looking man when I married him, Trot-and         he was
 sadly changed ! "
    I t did not last long. After the relief of tears, she soon became com-
 posed, and even cheerful. Her nerves were a little shaken, she said, or
she would not have given way to it. God forgive us all !
    So we rode back to her little cottage at Highgate, where we found the
following short note, which had arrived by that mornmg's post from
Mr. Micawber :
                                                      " Canterbury,
                                                                 " Friday.

    " My dear Madam, and Copperfield,

                     "The fair land of promise lately looming on the horizon
is again enveloped in impenetrable mists, and for ever withdrawn from the
eyes of a drifting wretch whose Doom is sealed !
    " Another writ has been issued (in EIis Majesty's        High Court of
King's Bench at Westminster), in another cause of HECP v. MICAWBEX,
and the defendant in that cause is the prey of the sheriff' having legal
jurisdiction in this bailiwick.
                c Now's the day, and now 'S the hour,
                 See the front of bat,tle lower,
                 See approach proud EDWAKD'S       power-
                                          Chains and slavery ! '

  " Consigned to which, and to a speedy end (for mental torture is not

supportable beyond a certain point, and that point I feel I have attained),
my course is run. Bless you, bless you ! Some future traveller, visiting,
