                                        THE HOUSEHOLD WORDS.
                                                                                                             --



                             CONTENTS OF PART ~.--PRICE
                                                      ~ID.
                                                              The Amusements of the People.
                                                              Sonnet.-To Lord Denman.
                                                              Lizzie Leigh.-In Four Chapters.-Chap. 111.
                                                              The Seasons.
                                                              Short Cuts across the Globe.
                                                              The True Story of a Coal Fire.-Chap. 11.
                                                                                      No. IV.
                                                              Some Account of an Extraordinary Traveller.
                                                              Loaded Dice.
                                                              Dream within Dream ; or, Evil Minimised.
                        No. 11.                               The Schoolmaster a t Home and Abroad.
A Child's Dream of a Star.                                    The Lady Alice.
The True Story of a Coal Fire.-In Three Chapters.             Illustrations of Cheapness.-A Globe.
Lizzie Leigh.-In Four Chapters.-Chapter 11.                   The Ghost of the late Mr. James Barber.-A             Yarn
Work ! An Anecdote.                                                     .
                                                                  Ashore.
                                                                  -.
                                                                   ......
Good Verses of a Bad Poet.                                   The True Story of a Coal Fire.-Chapter the Last.
Perfect Felicity.-In a Bird's-Eye View.                      Supposing !
A Dialogue of Shadows.                                                               NO. 7.
An Australian Ploughman's Story.                             Pet Prisoners.
Heathen and Christian Burial.                                A Tale of the Good Old Times.
                                                             Baptismal Rituals.
                         No. 111.                            Arctic Heroes.-A Fragment of Naval History.
The Household Narrative.                                     A Coroner's Inanest.
The Troubled Water Question.                                 Francis ~ e f f r e ~ :
Illnstrations of Cheapness.-The Lucifer Match.               The Young Jew of Tunis.


                     Published Monthly, urith the Magazines, price 2d., or Stamped 3d.
                                                        THE

 HOUSEHOLD NARRATIVE                  OF CURRENT EVENTS.
                                                        BEING

                 A Monthly Supplement to                         LL   Household Words,"
                                                  CONDUCTED BY

                               CHARLES DICKENS.
                                                   __+__

W E take this opportunity of announcing a design closely associated with our Household Words, which we have
      now matured, and which we hope will be acceptable to o m readers.
      W e propose publishing, a t the end of each month, as a Supplementary Number to the monthly part of
 "HOUSEHOLD WORDS," a comprehensive Abstract or History of all the occurrences of that month, native and
 foreign, under the title of THEHOUSEHOLD         NARRATIVE  OR CURRENT   EVENTS.
      The size and price of each of these numbers will be the same as the size and price of a single number of
 "HOUSEHOLD WORDS:'               Twelve nombers will necessarily be published in the course of the year--one for
 each month-and on the completion of the Annual Volume, a copious Index will appear and a title-page for the
 volume, which will then be called THE HOUSEHOLD          NARRATIVE   of such a year. I t will form a complete Chronicle
 of all that year's events carefully compiled thoroughly digested, and systematically arranged for easy reference
 presenting a vast mass df information that g u s t be interesting to all, a t a price that will render i t accessible td
 the humblest purchasers of books, a t which only our existing machineryin connexion with our Weekly Miscella~ly
would enable us to produce it.
      The first number of THE HOUSEHOLD           NARRATNE   will appear as a Supplement to the first monthly part of
 "HOUSEHOLD WORDS,'' published a t the end of the present month of APRIL. AS the Volume for 1850
wolild be incomplete (in consequence of our not having commenced this publication a t the beginning of a year)
without a backwa1.d reference to the three months of JANUARY          FEBRUARY,   and MAR~H,    a similar number of THE
I I o u s e ~ NARRATIVE
               o~~         for each of those months will be published before the year is out.
     I t is scarcely necessary to explain that ii is not proposed to render the purchase of THE HOUSEHOLD
NARKATIVE     compulsory on the purchasers of IIOUSEHOLD WORDS;" and that the Supplen~entaryNumber,
though always published a t the same time as obr Monthly Part, will therefore be detached from it, and published
separately.
     Nor is it necessary for us we believe to expatiate on our leading reasons for adding this new undertaking to
our present enterprise. ~ h e ' i n t i m a t ecdnnexion between the facts and realities of the time, and the means by
which we aim in "HOUSEHOLD WORDS," to soften what is hard in them, to exalt what i s held in little
consideration, 'and to show the latent hope there is in what may seem unpromising, needs not be pointed out.
All that we songht to express in our Preliminary Word, in reference to this work, applies, we think, to its
proposed companion. As another humble means of enabling those who accept us for their friend, to bear the
world's rough-cast events to the anvil of courageous duty, and there beat them into a shape, we enter on the
project, and confide in its success.
                                        --
            The Number for JUNE was published on the 1st of July.
         *,+ m e Numbers for April and May may be had of all Booksellers and Newsmea.
                  OFFICE, 16, WELLINGTON STREET NORTH, STRAND ;
                                    AND ALL BOOKSELLERS AND NEWSMEA.
                                                                                 [Bradbury &Evans, Printers, Whitefriarc.
