578          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

before me. Listlessness to everything, but brooding sorrow, was the night
that fell on my undisciplined heart. Let me look up from it-as at
last I did, thank Heaven !-and from its long, sad, wretched dream, to
dawn.
    For many months I travelled with this ever-darkening cloud upon my
mind. Some blind reasons that I had for not returning home-reasons
then struggling within me, vainly, for more distinct expression-kept me
on my pilgrimage. Sometimes, I had proceeded restlessly from place to
place, stopping nowhere ; sometimes, I had lingered long in one spot. I
had had no purpose, no sustaining soul within me, anywhere.
    I was in Switzerland. I had come out of Italy, over one of the great
passes of the Alps, and had since wandered with a guide among ihe bye-ways
of the mountains. If those awful solitudes had spoken to my heart, I did
not know it. I had found sublimity and wonder in the dread heights and
precipices, in the roaring torrents, and the wastes of ice and snow; but as
yet, they had taught me nothing else.
    I came, one evening before sunset, down into a valley, where I was to
rest. I n the course of my descent to it, by the winding track along the
mountain-side, from which I saw it shining far below, I think some long-
unwonted sense of beauty and tranquillity, some softening influence
awakened by its peace, inoved faintly in my breast. I remember pausing
once, with a kind of sorrow that was not all oppressive, not quite
despairing. I reinember almost hoping that some better change was
possible within me.
    I came into the valley, as the evening sun was shining on the remote
heights of snow, that closed it in, like eternal clouds. The bases of the
mountains forming the gorge in which the little village lay, were richly
green; and high above this gentler vegetation, grew forests of dark fir,
cleaving the wintry snow-drift, wedge-like, and stemming the avalanche.
Above these, were range upon range of craggy steeps, grey rock, bright
ice, and smooth verdure-specks of pasture, all gradually blending with the
crowning snow. Dotted here and there on the mountain's-side, each tiny
dot a home, were lonely wooden cottages, so dwarfed by the towering
heights that they appeared too small for toys. So did even the clnstered
village in the valley, with its wooden bridge across the stream, where
the stream tumbled over broken rocks, and roared away among the
trees. I n the quiet air, there was a sound of distant singing-shepherd
voices ; but, as one bright evening clond floated midway along the moun-
tain's-side, I could almost have believed it came from there, and was
not earthly music. All at once, in this serenity, great Nature spoke to
me; and soothed me to lay down my weary head upon the grass, and
weep as I had not wept yet, since Dora died !
    I had found a packet of letters awaiting me but a few minutes before,
 and had strolled out of the village to read them while my supper was
 making ready. Other packets had missed me, and I had received none for
 a long time. Beyond a line or two, to say that I was well, and had arrived
 at such a place, I had not had fortitude or constancy to write a letter
 since I left home.
     The packet was in my hand. I opened it, and read the writing of
 Agnes.
