                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

shop, and buy five thousand double-Gloucester cheeses at fourpence-
halfpenny each, present payment "-at          which I see Miss Murdstone
secretly overjoyed. I pore over these cheeses without any result or enlighten-
ment until dinner-time ; when, having made a Mulatto of myself by getting
the dirt of the slate into the pores of my skin, I have a slice of bread to
help me out with the cheeses, and am considered in disgrace for the rest
of the evening.
    I t seems to me, at this distance of time, as if my unfortunate studies
generally took this course. I could have done very well if I had been without
the Murdstones ;but the influence of the Murdstones upon me was like the
fascination of two snakes on a wretched young bird. Even when I did get
through the morning with tolerable credit, there was not much gained but
dinner; for Miss Murdstone never could endure to see me untasked, and
if I rashly made any show of being unemployed, called her brother's
attention to me by saying, " Clara, my dear, there's nothing like work-
give your boy an exercise;" which caused me to be clapped down to some
new labor, there and then. As to any recreation with other children of
my age, I had very little of that; for the gloomy theology of the
Murdstones made all children out to be a swarm of little vipers (though
there was a child once set in the midst of the Disciples), and held that
they contaminated one another.
   The natural result of this treatment, continued, I suppose, for some six
months or more, was to make me sullen, dull, and dogged. I was not
made the less so, by my sense of being daily more and more shut out and
alienated from my mother. I believe I should have been almost stupified
but for one circumstance.
   I t was this. My father had left a small collection of books in a little room
up-stairs, to which I had access (for it adjoined my own) and which nobody
else in our house ever troubled. From that blessed little room, Roderick
Random, Peregrine Pickle, Humphrey Clinker, Tom Jones, The Vicar of
Wakefield, Don Quixote, Gil Blas, and RobinsonCrusoe, came out, a glorious
host, to keep me company. They kept alive my fancy, and my hope of some-
thing beyond that place and time,-they, and the Arabian Nights, and the
Tales of the Genii,-and did me no harm ; for whatever harm was in some
of them was not there for me ;I knew nothing of it. It is astonishing to
me now, how I found time, in the midst of my porings and blunderings
 over heavier themes, to read those books as I did. I t is curious to me
 how I could ever have consoled myself under my small troubles (which
 were great troubles to me), by impersonating my favorite characters in
 them-as I did-and by putting Mr. and Miss Murdstone into all the bad
 ones-which I did too. I have been Tom Jones (a child's Tom Jones,
 a harmless creature) for a week together. I have sustained my own idea
 of Roderick Random for a month at a stretch, I verily believe. I had a
 greedy relish for a few volumes of Voyages and Travels-I forget what,
 now-that were on those shelves ; and for days and days I can remember
 to have gone about my region of our house, armed with the centre-piece
out of an old set of boot-trees-the perfect realisation of Captain Somebody,
 of the Royal British Navy, in danger of being beset by savages, and
resolved to sell his life at a great price. The Captain never lost dignity,
from having his ears boxed with the Latin Grammar. I did ; but the
