                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          297
    With these words, and resisting our entreaties that she would grace the
remaining circulation of the punch with her presence, Mrs. Micawber
retired to my bed-room. And really I felt that she was a noble woman-
the sort of woman who might have been a Roman matron, and done all
manner of heroic things, in times of public trouble.
    I n the fervor of this impression, I congratulated Mr. Micawber on the
treasure he possessed. So did Traddles. Mr. Micawber extended his hand
to each of us in succession, and then covered his face with his pocket-
handkerchief, which I think had more snuff upon it than he was aware of.
H e then returned to the punch, in the highest state of exhilaration.
    H e was full of eloquence. H e gave us to understand that in our chil-
dren we lived again, and that, under the pressure of pecuniary difficulties,
any accession to their number was doubly welcome. He said that Mrs.
Micawber had latterly had her doubts on this point, but that he had dis-
pelled them, and reassured her. As to her family, they were totally
unworthy of her, and their sentiments were utterly indifferent to him,
 and they might-I quote his own expression-go to the Devil.
     Mr. Micawber then delivered a warm eulogy on Traddles. He said
 Traddles's was a character, to the steady virtues of which he (Mr. Micawber)
 could lay no claim, but which, he thanked Heaven, he could admire. H e
 feelingly alluded to the young lady, unknown, whom Traddles had honored
 with his affection, and who had reciprocated that affection by honoring
 and blessing Traddles with her affection. Mr. Micawber pledged her. So
 did I. Traddles thanked us both, by saying, with a simplicity and
 honesty I had sense enough to be quite charmed with, " I am very much
 obliged to you indeed. And I do assure you, she's the dearest girl!--"
     Mr. Micawber took an early opportunity, after that, of hinting, with the
 utmost delicacy and ceremony, at the state of my affections. Nothing but
 the serious assurance of his friend Copperfield to the contrary, he observed,
 could deprive him of the impression that his friend Copperfield loved and
 was beloved. After feeling very hot and uncomfortable for some time,
 and after a good deal of blushing, stammering, and denying, I said,
 having my glass in my hand, " Well ! I would give them D. ! " which so
 excited and gratified Mr. Micawber, that he ran with a glass of punch
 into my bed-room, in order that Mrs. Micawber might drink D., who
  drank it wit11 enthusiasm, crying from within, in a shrill voice, " Hear,
  hear ! My dear Mr. Copperfield, I am delighted. Hear ! " and tapping
  at the wall, by way of applause.
     Our conversation, afterwards, took a more worldly turn ; Mr. hficawber
  telling us that he found Camden Town inconvenient, and that the first
  thing he contemplated doing, when the advertisement should have been
 the cause of something satisfactory turning up, was to move. He men-
  tioned a terrace at the western end of Oxford Street, fronting Hyde Park,
  on which he had always had his eye, but which he did not expect to attain
  immediately, as it would require a large establishment. There would
  probably be an interval, he explained, in which he should content himself
  with the upper part of a house, over some respectable place of business,
  -say inPiccadilly,--which    would be a cheerful situation for Mrs.Micawber;
  and where, by throwing out a bow window, or carrying up the roof
  another story, or making some little alteration of that sort, they might
