                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             571
   " I can only say for myself," said my aunt, "that I will drink all
happiness and success to you, Mr. Micawber, with the utmost pleasure."
   "And I too ! " said Agnes, with a smile.
   Mr. Bficawber immediately descended to the bar, where he appeared to
be quite at home; and in due time returned with a steaming jug. I
could not but observe that he had been peeling the lemons with his own
clasp-knife, which, as became the knife of a practical settler, was about a
foot long; and which he wiped, not wholly without ostentation, on the
sleeve of his coat. Mrs. Micawber and the two elder members of the
family I now found to be provided with similar formidable instruments,
while every child had its own wooden spoon attached to its body by a
strong line. I n a similar anticipation of life afloat, and in the Bush, ;\fr.
Micawber, instead of helping Mrs. Micawber and his eldest son and
daughter to punch, in wine-glasses, which he might easily have done, for
there was a shelf-full in the room, served it out to then in a series of
villainous little tin pots ; and I never saw hiin enjoy anything so much as
drinking out of his own particular pint pot, and putting it in his pocket
at the close of the evening.
   " The luxuries of the old country," said Mr. Micawber, with an intense

satisfaction in their renouncement, "we abandon. The denizens of the
forest cannot, of course, expect to participate in the refinements of the
land of the Free."
   Here, a boy came in to say that Mr. Micawber was wanted down-stairs.
   " 1have a presentiment," said Mrs. Micawber, setting down her tin pot,
"that it is a member of my family ! "
   "If so, my deal;" observed Mr. Micawber, with his usual suddenness
of warmth on that subject, as the member of your family-whoever he,
she, or it, may be-has kept us waiting for a considerable period, perhaps
the Member may now wait nzy convenience."
   "Micawber," said his wife, in a low tone, " at such a time as this-"
   " ' I t is not meet,' " said Mr. Micawber, rising, " 'that every nice offence
should bear its comment ! ' Emma, I stand reproved."
   " The loss, Micawber," observed his wife, " has been my family's, not

yours. If my family are at length sensible of the deprivation to which
their own conduct has, in the past, exposed them, and now desire to
extend the hand of fellowship, let it not be repulsed."
   " My dear," he returned, " so be it ! "
   " If not for their sakes ; for mine, Micawber," said his wife.
   " Emma," he returned, " that view of the question is, at such a moment,
irresistible. I cannot, even now, distinctly pledge myself to fall upon your
family's neck; but the member of your family, who is now in attendance,
shall have no genial warmth frozen by me."
   Mr. Micawber withdrew, and was absent some little time ; in the course
of which Mrs. Micawber was not wholly free from an apprehension that
words might have arisen between him and the Member. At length the
same boy re-appeared, and presented me with a note written in pencil,
and headed, in a legal manner, " Ileep v. Micawber." Prom this docn-
ment, I learned that Mr. Micawber, being again arrested, was in a final
paroxysm of despair ; and that he begged me to send him his knife and pint
pot, by bearer, as they might prove serviceable during the brief remainder
