                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

flag, and took him up and bore him on towards the houses. All the men
who carried him had known him, and gone sailing with him, and seen him
merry and bold. They carried him through the wild roar, a hush in the
midst of all the tumult; and took him to the cottage where Death was
already.
   But, when they set the bier down on the threshold, they looked at one
another, and at me, and whispered. I knew why. They felt as if it were
not right to lay him down in the same quiet room.
   IVe went into the town, and took our burden to the inn. So soon as
I could at all collect my thoughts, I sent for Joram, and begged him to
provide me a conveyance in which it could be got to London in the night.
I knew that the care of it, and the hard duty of preparing his mother to
receive it, could only rest with me; and I was anxious to discharge that
duty as faithfully as I could.
   I chose the night for the journey, that there might be less curiosity
when I left the town. But, although it was nearly midnight when I came
ont of the yard in a chaise, followed by what I had in charge, there were
many people waiting. At intervals, along the town, and even a little
way out upon the road, I saw more; but at length only the bleak night
and the open country were around me, and the ashes of my youthful
friendship.
   Upon a mellow autumn day, about noon, when the ground was per-
fumed by fallen leaves, and many more, in beautiful tints of yellow, red,
and brown, yet hung upon the trees, through which the sun was shining,
I arrived at Highgate. I walked the last mile, thinking as I went along
of what I had to do ; and left the carriage that had followed me all through
the night, awaiting orders to advance.
   The honse, when I came up to it, looked just the same. Not a blind
was raised; no sign of life was in the dull paved court, with its covered
way leading to the disused door. The wind had quite gone down, and
nothing moved.
   I had not, at first, the comage to ring at the gate; and wheii I did
ring, my errand seemed to me to be expressed in the very sound of the
bell. The little parlour-maid came out, with the key in her hand; and
looking earnestly at me as she unloclred the gate, said:
   " I beg your pardon, sir.    Are you ill? "
   " I have been much agitated, and am fatigued."
   " I s anything the matter, sir ?-Mr.   James? -"
   " Hush!"    said I. "Yes, something has happened, that I have to
break to Mrs. Steerforth. She is at home? "
   The girl anxiously replied that her mistress was very seldom out now,
even in a carriage; that she kept her room; that she saw no company,
but would see me. Her mistress was up, she said, and Miss Dartle was
with her. What message should she take up stairs ?
   Giving her a strict charge to be careful of her manner, and only to
carry in my card and say I waited, I sat down in the drawing-room (which
we had now reached) until she should come back. Its former pleasant air
of occupation was gone, and the shutters were half closed. The harp
had not been used for many and many a day. His picture, as a boy, was
there. The cabinet in which his mother had kept his letters was there.
