216           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  have done it ! I s that your knowledge of life? What is there that any
  woman couldn't do, that she shouldn't do-especially on the subject of
  another woman's good looks ? "
     I really thought it was all over with Mr. Omer, after he had uttered
  this libellous pleasantry. He coughed to that extent, and his breath
  eluded all his attempts to recover it with that obstinacy, that I fully
  expected to see his head go down behind the counter, and his little black
  breeches, with the rusty little bunches of ribbons at the knees, come
  quivering up in a last ineffectual struggle. At length, however, he got
 better, though he still panted hard, and was so exhausted that he was
  obliged to sit on the stool of the shop-desk.
     " You see," he said, wiping his head, and breathing with difficulty,

  " she hasn't taken much to any companions here ; she hasn't taken kindly

 to any particular acquaintances and friends, not to mention sweethearts.
 I n consequence, an ill-natured story got about, that Em'ly wanted to be
 a lady. Now my opinion is, that it came into circulation principally on
 account of her sometimes saying, at the school, that if she was a lady she
 would like to do so and so for her uncle-don't      you see ?-and buy him
 such and such fine things."
     " I assure you, Mr. Omer, she has said so to me," I returned eagerly,
 '&lt; when we were both children."
     Mr. Omer nodded his head and rubbed his chin. " Just so. Then out
 of a very little, she could dress herself, you see, better than most others
 could out of a deal, and that made things unpleasant. Moreover, she was
 rather what might be called wayward-I '11 go so far as to say what I
 should call wayward myself," said Mr. Omer, "-didn't     know her own mind
 quite-a little spoiled-and couldn't, at first, exactly bind herself down.
 No more than that was ever said against her, Minnie ?"
     " No, father," said Mrs. Joram.    " That's the worst, I believe."
     " So when she got a situation," said Mr. Omer, " to keep a fractious
 old lady company, they didn't very well agree, and she didn't stop. At
last she came here, apprenticed for three years. Nearly two of 'em are
over, and she has been as good a girl as ever was. Worth any six !
Minnie, is she worth any six, now ? "
     " Yes, father," replied Minnie.   "Never say I detracted from her ! "
    "Very good," said Mr. Omer. "That 's right. And so, young gentle-
man," he added, after a few moments' further rubbing of his chin, " that
you may not consider me long-winded as well as short-breathed, I believe
that 's all about it."
    As they had spoken in a subdued tone, while speaking of Em'ly, I had
no doubt that she was near. On my asking now, if that were not so,
Mr. Omer nodded yes, and nodded towards the door of the parlor. My
hurried inquiry if I might peep in, was answered with a free permission ;
and, looking through the glass, I saw her sitting at her work. I saw her, a
most beautiful little creature, with the cloudless blue eyes, that had looked
into my childish heart, turned laughingly upon another child of Minnie's
who was playing near her; with enough of wilfulness in her bright face
to justify what I had heard; with much of the old capricious coyness
lurking in it ; but with nothing in her pretty looks, I am sure, but what
was meant for goodness and for happiness, and what was on a good and
happy course.
