                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          279
certainly I was. The scent of a geranium leaf, at this day, strikes me
with a half comical half serious wonder as to what change has come over
me in a moment; and then I see a straw hat and blue ribbons, and a
quantity of curls, and a little black dog being held up, in two slender
arms, against a bank of blossoms and bright leaves.
   Miss Murdstone had been looking for us. She found us here; and
presented her uncongenial cheek, the little wrinkles in it filled with hair-
powder, to Dora to be kissed. Then she took Dora's arm in hers, and
marched us in to breakfast as if it were a soldier's funeral.
   How many cups of tea I drank, because Dora made it, I don't know.
But, I perfectly remember that I sat swilling tea until my whole nervous
system, if I had had any in those days, must have gone by the board.
By-and-by we went to church. Miss Murdstone was between Dora
and me in the pew ; but I heard her sing, and the congregation vanished.
A sermon was delivered-about Dora, of course-and I am afraid that is
all I know of the service.
   We had a quiet day. No company, a walk, a family dinner of four, and
an evening of looking over books and pictures; Miss Murdstone with
a homily before her, and her eye upon us, keeping guard vigilantly.
Ah! little did Mr. Spenlow imagine, when he sat opposite to me after
dinner that day, with his pocket-handkerchief over his head, how fervently
I was embracing him, in my fancy, as his son-in-law! Little did he think,
when I took leave of him at night, that he had just given his full consent to
my being engaged to Dora, and that I was invoking blessings on his head !
   We departed early in the morning, for we had a Salvage case coming on
in the Admiralty Court, requiring a rather accurate knowledge of the whole
science of navigation, in which (as we couldn't be expected to know much
about those matters in the Commons) the judge had entreated two old
Trinity Masters, for charity's sake, to come and help him out. Dora was
at the breakfast-table to make the tea again, however; and I had the
melancholy pleasure of taking off my hat to her in the phaeton, as she
stood on the door-step with Jip in her arms.
   What the Admiralty was to me that day ; what nonsense I made of our
case in my mind, as I listened to it ; how I saw DORA" engraved upon the
blade of the silver oar which they lay upon the table, as the emblem of
that high jurisdiction; and how I felt, when Mr. Spenlow went home
without me (I had had an insane hope that he might take me back again),
as if I were a mariner myself, and the ship to which I belonged had sailed
away and left me on a desert island ; I shall make no fruitless effort to
describe. If that sleepy old court could rouse itself, and present in any
visible form the day dreams I have had in it about Dora, it would reveal
my truth.
    I don't mean the dreams that I dreamed on that day alone, but day
after day, from week to week, and term to term. I went there, not to
attend to what was going on, but to think about Dora. If I ever bestowed
a thought upon the cases, as they dragged their slow length before me,
it was only to wonder, in the matrimonial cases (remembering Dora), how
it was that married people could ever be otherwise than happy; and,
in the Prerogative cases, to consider, if the money in question had been
left to me, what were the foremost steps I should immediately have
taken in regard to Dora. Within the first week of my passion, I
