 4                                          ADVERTISERIENTS.




               ALPACA UmBRELLAS.
THE economy both in the cost and wear of this Umbrella has been fully
borne out by the experience
                      -        of these last 18 mouths, and which can be
testified by some thousands of purchasers to whom they have given universal
satisfaction. They may be obtained of most Umbrella Dealers in the
United Kingdom, from 10s. 6d. each.
          W. & J. SANGSTER,Patentees, 140, Regent-street,
                                              94, Fleet-street,
                                              10, Royal Exchange.
                                Warehouse, 75, Cheapside.
            CHEAP SILK UMBRELLAS, from 7s. each.
   N.B. Certain parties who are not licensed by the Patentees of the
Alpaca Umbrella have been selling an inferior imitation of it. The public
are therefore requested to observe that the Patentees' names are affixed
inside each Umbrella.




                                                  P R E V E N T E D BY HOLLOWAY'S
AM P U T A T I O N              AGAIN
       OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Extract of a letter from Mr. S. Smith, 69. Capel Street, Dublin, dated
March 13, 1849:-"To   Professor Ho1loway.-Dear Sir,-:      think it only my duty to inform you and the public
of the wonderful cure your Ointment and Pills have effected on me. For three years I had a dreadful
wound in my leg. I tried all the faculty in this city, but t o no purpose; they informed me that nothing could
save my life but amputation. I was then advised by a celebrated doctor t o use your remedies, which in a
brief period have healed my leg, and made it a s strong a s it formerly was." Sold by all vendors of
Medicine, and at Professor Holloway's establishment, 244, Strand, London.

             DEFORMITIES OF T H E CHEST AND SPINE.
                             EACZLAND'S INVISIBLE SPINE SUPPORT, under
                           the Patronage of Her Majesty's Surgeons. &c.-Ladies
                           suffering from spinal deviations and their injurious con.
                           sequences are solicited t o inspect Mr. EAGLAND'S       newly-
                           invented and inimitable SPINAL SUPPORTS. Their
                           beautifulsimplicity, extreme lightness, and their eBciency
                           as a remedial agent, have proved them superior to any
                           others; indeed, they have become eminently successful.
                           They are also completely imperceptible, conceal the
                           defects (without padding) from the most scrutinising
                           observer, and never fail t o confer immediate relief.
                           Mr. E. has the pleasure t o add that be is empowered t o
                           refer to ladies of the first respectability a s to the value of
                           his invention, in addition t o which he holds testimonials
                           of the highest order. Mrs. EAGLAND             i s in constant
                           attendance from 12 till 5 daily.
                              21, COVENTRY STREET, IIAYMARKET.
