                         OF DAVID COPPEBFIELD.                            185
being so newly released from captivity. I n fact," said Mrs. Micawber,
lowering her voice,-" this is between ourselves-our reception was cool."
    &lt;'Dear me ! " I said.
    "Yes," said Mrs. Micawber. "It is truly painful to contemplate
mankind in such an aspect, Master Copperfield, but our reception was,
decidedly, cool. There is no doubt about it. I n fact, that branch of my
family which is settled in Plymouth became quite personal to Mr. Micawber,
before we had been there a week."
   I said, and thought, that they ought to be ashamed of themselves.
   '$ Still, so it was," continued Mrs. Micawber. "Under such circum-
stances, what could a man of Mr. Micawber's spirit do ? But one obvious
course was left. To borrow, of that branch of my family, the money to
return to London, and to return at any sacrifice."
   " Then you all came back again, ma'am? " I said.
   "We all came back again," replied Mrs. Micawber. " Since then, I
have consulted other branches of my family on the course which it is most
expedient for Mr.Micawber to take-for I maintain that he must take some
course, Master Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber, argumentatively. " I t is
clear that a family of six, not including a domestic, cannot live upon air."
   '&lt; Certainly, ma'am," said I.
   " The opinion of those other branches of myfamily," pursued Mrs.Micaw-
ber," is, that Mr. Micawber should immediately turn his attention to coals."
   " To what, ma'am ? "
   "To coals," said Mrs. Micawber. "To the coal trade. Mr. Micawber
was induced to think, on inquiry, that there might be an opening for a man
of his talent in the Medway Coal Trade. Then, as Mr. Micawber very pro-
perly said, the first step to be taken clearly was, to come and see the Medway.
Which we came and saw. I say we,' Master Copperfield ; for I never will,"
said Mrs. Micawber with emotion, "I never will desert Mr. Micawber."
   I murmured my admiration and approbation.
    "We came," repeated Mrs. Micawber, "and saw the Medway. My
opinion of the coal trade on that river, is, that it may require talent, but
that it certainly requires capital. Talent, Mr. Micawber has ; capital,
Mr. Micawber has not. We saw, I think, the greater part of the Medway ;
and that is my individual conclusion. Being so near here, Mr. Micawber
was of opinion that it would be rash not to come on, and see the Cathedral.
Firstly, on account of its being so well worth seeing, and our never having
 seen it; and secondly, on account of the great probability of something
turning up in a cathedral town. We have been here," said Mrs. Micawber,
"three days. Nothing has, as yet, turned up ; and it may not surprise
you, my dear Master Copperfield, so much as it would a stranger, to know
that we are at present waiting for a remittance from London, to discharge
our pecuniary obligations at this hotel. Until the arrival of that remit-
tance,"said Mrs.Micawber, with much feeling," I am cut off from my home (I
allude to lodgings inpentonville), from my boy and girl, and from my twins."
   I felt the utmost sympathy for Mr. and Mrs. Micawber in this anxious
extremity, and said as much to Mr. Micawber, who now returned : adding
that I only wished I had money enough, to lend them the amount they
needed. Mr. Micawber's answer expressed the disturbance of his mind.
H e said, shaking hands with me, " Copperfield, you are a true friend ;
but when the worst comes to the worst, no man is without a friend
