124           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

leave for the night, but he would not hear of my doing that until the
 strangers' bell should ring. So I sat at the staircase window, until he
 came out with another chair and joined me.
    "How is Mrs. Micawber now, sir ?" I said.
      Very low," said Mr. Micawber, shaking his head ; " re-action. Ah,
this has been a dreadful day ! We stand alone now-everything is gone
from us !"
    Mr. Micawber pressed my hand, and groaned, and afterwards shed
tears. I was greatly touched, and disappointed too, for I had expected
that we should be quite gay on this happy and long-looked for occasion.
But Mr. and Mrs. Micawber were so used to their old difficulties, I think,
that they felt quite shipwrecked when they came to consider that they
were released from them. All their elasticity was departed, and I never
saw them half so wretched as on this night ; insomuch that when the bell
rang, and Mr. Micawber walked with me to the lodge, and parted from
me there with a blessing, I felt quite afraid to leave him by himself, he
was so profoundly miserable.
    But through all the confusion and lowness of spirits in which we had
been, so unexpectedly to me, involved, I plainly discerned that Mr. and
Mrs. Micawber and their family were going away from London, and that
a parting between us was near at hand. I t was in my walk home
that night, and in the sleepless hours which followed when I lay in
bed, that the thought first occurred to me-though I don't know how
it came into my head-which afterwards shaped itself into a settled
resolution.
    I had grown to be so accustomed to the Micawbers, and had been so
 intimate with them in their distresses, and was so utterly friendless with-
 out them, that the prospect of being thrownupon some new shift for a
 lodging, and going once more among unknown people, was like being
 that moment turned adrift into my present life, with such a knowledge of
 it ready made, as experience had given me. All the sensitive feelings it
 wounded so cruelly, all the shame and misery it kept alive within my
breast, became more poignant as I thought of this ; and I determined that
the life was unendurable.
    That there was no hope of escape from it, unless the escape was my
own act, I knew quite well. I rarely heard from Miss Murdstone, and
never from Mr. Murdstone : but two or three parcels of made or mended
clothes had come up for me, consigned to Mr. Quinion, and in each there
was a scrap of paper to the effect that J. M. trusted D. C. was applying
himself to business, and devoting himself wholly to his duties-not the
least hint of my ever being any thing else than the common drudge into
which I was fast settling down.
    The very next day showed me, while my mind was in the first agita-
tion of what it had conceived, that Mrs. Micawber had not spoken of their
going away without warrant. They took a lodging in the house where I
lived, for a week ; at the expiration of which time they were to start for
Plymouth. Mr. Micawber himself came down to the counting-house, in
the afternoon, to tell Mr. Quinion that he must relinquish me on the day
of his departure, and to give me a high character, which I am sure I
 deserved. And Mr. Quinion, calling in Tipp the carman, who was a
married man, and had a room to let, quartered me prospectively on him-
