174            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 glass, "it is past your cousin Jack's time, and we must not detain
him, since time and tide-both concerned in this case-wait for no man.
 Mr. Jack Maldon, you have a long voyage, and a strange country, before you ;
 but many men have had both, and many men will have both, to the end of
 time. The winds you are going to tempt, have wafted thousands upon
 thousands to fortune, and brought thousands upon thousands happily back."
    " I t 's an affecting thing," said Mrs. Markleham-"  however it 's viewed,
it's affecting-to see a fine young man one has known from an infant,
going away to the other end of the world, leaving all he knows behind, and
not knowing what's before him. A young man really well deserves
constant support and patronage," looking at the Doctor, "who makes
such sacrifices."
    " Time will go fast with you, Mr. Jack Maldon," pursued the Doctor,
" and fast with all of us. Some of us can hardly expect, perhaps, in the
natural course of things, to greet you on your return. The next best
thing is to hope to do it, and that's my case. I shall not weary you
with good advice. You have long had a good model before you, in your
cousin Annie. Imitate her virtues as nearly as you can."
   Mrs. Markleham fanned herself, and shook her head.
    " Farewell, Mr. Jack," said the Doctor, standing up ; on which we all

stood up. "A prosperous voyage out, a thriving career abroad, and a
happy return home ! "
    We all drank the toast, and all shook hands with Mr. Jack Maldon;
after which he hastily took leave of the ladies who were there, and hurried
to the door, where he was received, as he got into the chaise, with a tre-
mendous broadside of cheers discharged by our boys, who had assembled on
the lawn for the purpose. Running in among them to swell the ranks, I was
very near the chaise when it rolled away; and I had a lively impression made
upon me, in the midst of the noise and dust, of having seen Mr. Jack Maldon
rattle past with an agitated face, and something cherry-colored in his hand.
    After another broadside for the Doctor, and another for the Doctor's
wife, the boys dispersed, and I went back into the house, where I found the
 guests all standing in a group about the Doctor, discussing how Mr. Jack
 Maldon had gone away, and how he had borne it, and how he had felt it,
and all the rest of it. I n the midst of these remarks, Mrs. Markleham
cried : " Where 's Annie ! "
   No Annie was there; and when they called to her, no Annie replied.
But all pressing out of the room, in a crowd, to see what was the matter,
we found her lying on the hall floor. There was great alarm at first, until
it was found that she was in a swoon, and that the swoon was yielding to
the usual means of recovery; when the Doctor, who had lifted her head
upon his knee, put her curls aside with his hand, and said, looking
around :
   " Poor Annie ! She 's so faithful and tender-hearted !    I t 's the parting
from her old playfellow and friend-her favorite cousin-that has done
this. Ah ! It 's a pity ! I am very sorry ! "
   When she opened her eyes, and saw where she was, and that we
were all standing about her, she arose with assistance : turning her head,
as she did so, to lay it on the Doctor's shoulder-or to hide it, I
don't know which. We went into the drawing-room, to leave her with the
Doctor and her mother; but she said, it seemed, that she was better than
