               Just published, price Is. 6d., neatly bound in cloth,
                      THE FIRST VOLUME
                                              OF

    THE WORKING MAN'S FRIEND, AND FAMILY INSTRUCTOR,
THE WORKING MAN'S FRIEND,
                         anlr #&mil2 Zn$truttor+
    PUBLISHED WEEKLY, PRICE ONE PENNY, 32 PAGES CROWN 8vo.
                              -    -

                           THE    FOLLOWING    ARE SOME O F THE
              OPINIONS OF THE PUBLIC PRESS:
                                  (From the Daily News.)
  A cheap, useful, and amusing miscellany.
                                       (From the Atlas.)
  A cheap weekly serial, devoted to the improvement and amusement of the working
classes. W e see little that is objectionable in this periodical, and very much to corn.
mend. I t is pleasantly and thoughtfully written. I t is likely, we think, to do good
service in a good cause.
                                   (From the London Patriot.)
    Several articles in the first two numbers (all that are as yet issued) are of a first-rate
 character, and would do no dishonour to our best magazines ; while they are skilfully
adapted, in tone and treatment, to the class of readers contemplated. Most of the writers
are anonymous; but Mary Howitt, who contributes some characteristic stories, is not,
we venture to say, the only author of celebrity engaged on this new miscellany.
                             (From the Nonconformist, January 9.)
    If the enterprise is sustained with as much spirit as it has been commenced, its success
cannot be doubted. This first number forms an excellent pennyworth of i~latructionand
entertainment, free from all that is injurious or debasing.
                         (From the Manchester Examiner and Times.)
    A new weekly periodical of excellent quality and amazing bulk for a penny. The
well-known energies and extensive appliances of its publisher are guaranteed for con-
tinued excellence and success. Among the many excellent journals useful to the
working man, this must stand in the first class. I t takes that place at its first step ; and
if instructive to those to whom i t is specially addressed, it cannot fail to be so to those
who occupy a higher social position.
                         (From the Dumfries and Galloway Standard.)
    THE WORKINGMAX'S FRIENDAND FAMILYINSTRUCTOR.                        Such is the title of
Mr. Cassell's new magazine, and it does him infinite credit. The topics discussed are
various, all ably and popularly treated. I t promises to be one of the best, and we are
inclined to rank it as the cheapest in the whole range of our serial literature.
                           (From the Scottish Reformer's Gazette.)
    W e think we may express our unqualified approbation of the sound and healthful
 spirit which animates THE WORKING         MAN'SFRIEND. It contains an amazing quantity
 of interesting, instructive, and well-selected matter, and deserves to be universally read
by that extensive class for whom it is especially intended.
                               (From the Newcastle Guardian.)
     Such a variety of clever and instructive writing has never been previously offered to
the public. For cheapness and real excellence there is nothing to equal this periodical,
 even in these days of amplified publishing.
                                 (From the Glasgow Examiner.)
    The working classes will not be their own friends if they do not largely patronise this
very suitable publication. The publisher is doing his duty, and we shall be disappointed
 if the working classes neglect theirs.
                             - (From the Leicester Mercury.)
    THE WORKINGMAN'S FRIENDis really one of the cheapest           .  -
                                                                       periodicals of the day
and the papers are generally written with great care and force.
                                  (From the Edinburgh Nczus;)
    This is a clever and business-like production. Its aim is of a more ~racticalcharacter
than the majority of the cheap publications. I t seems to strive mainly at imparting
useful information in matters of political, social, and domestic economy ; and if we may
be entitled to speak from the specimen before us, it may be safely averred that the pro-
jector has been completely successful.
