156            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  ating the grey pony among carts, baskets, vegetables, and huckster's
 goods. The hair-breadth turns and twists we made, drew down upon
 us a variety of speeches from the people standing about, which were not
 always complimentary; but my aunt drove on with perfect indifference,
 and I dare say would have taken her own way with as much coolness
 through an enemy's country.
    At length we stopped before a very old house bulging out over the road ;
 a house with long low lattice-windows bulging out still farther, and beams
with carved heads on the ends bulging out too, so that I fancied the whole
house was leaning forward, trying to see who was passing on the narrow
pavement below. I t was quite spotless in its cleanliness. The old-
fashioned brass knocker on the low arched door, ornamented with carved
garlands of fruit and flowers, twinkled like a star; the two stone steps
descending to the door were as white as if they had been covered with
fair linen; and all the angles and corners, and carvings and mouldings,
and quaint little panes of glass, and quainter little windows, though as old
as the hills, were as pure as any snow that ever fell upon the hills.
    When the pony-chaise stopped at the door, and my eyes were intent
upon the house, I saw a cadaverous face appear at a small window on the
ground floor (in a little round tower that formed one side of the
house), and quickly disappear. The low arched door then opened, and
the face came out. I t was quite as cadaverous as it had looked in
the window, though in the grain of it there was that tinge of red which
is sometimes to be observed in the skins of red-haired people. I t belonged
to a red-haired person-a youth of fifteen, as I take it now, but looking
 much older-whose hair was cropped as close as the closest stubble; who
 had hardly any eyebrows, and no eyelashes, and eyes of a red-brown;
 so unsheltered and unshaded, that I remember wondering how he went to
 sleep. He was high-shouldered and bony ; dressed in decent black, with
 a white wisp of a neckcloth; buttoned up to the throat ; and had a long,
 lank, skeleton hand, which particularly attracted my attention, as he stood
 at the pony's head, rubbing his chin with it, and looking up at us in the
 chaise.
    " I s Mr. Wickfield at home, Uriah Heep ? " said my aunt.

    "Mr. Wickfield's at home, ma'am," said Uriah Heep, " if you 1' 1
please to walk in therey'-pointing with his long hand to the room he meant.
    We got out; and leaving him to hold the pony, went into a long low
parlor looking towards the street, from the window of which I caught a
glimpse, as I went in, of Uriah Heep breathing into the pony's nostrils,
and immediately covering them with his hand, as if he were putting some
spell upon him. Opposite to the tall old chimney-piece, were two por-
traits : one of a gentleman with grey hair (though not by any means an
old man) and black eyebrows, who was looking over some papers tied
together with red tape ; the other, of a lady, with a very placid and sweet
expression of face, who was looking at me.
    I believe I was turning about in search of Uriah's picture, when,
a door at the farther end of the room opening, a gentleman entered,
at sight of whom I turned to the first-mentioned portrait again, to make
quite sure that it had not come out of its frame. But it was stationary;
 and as the gentleman advanced into the light, I saw that he was some
 years older than when he had had his picture painted.
