                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                          5
-                                                      -                                    --
B o b ~ o Cn t~i j ~o i ~ e - ~E$at oc none,"                RA81SCATE.-To                    all persons who
                                                                   apprec~alethe comforts of a goodFamily Resi-
   T E I E ~are
             E few persons who a r e unacquainted with
this proverb : the author of it, a friend of the poet       dence a t a very low rent, " WEST CLIFF 'ERRACE "
Milton, who wrote his epitaph, lies buried within the       prcsents a n opportunity seldom to be met with.
Parish Church of Saint Benedict a t Cambridge. This         These Houses have been purchased lately, and the
is one of the oldest Ecclesiastical Structures in the       Proprietor n o w offers them to the Public a t half
Kingdom: the tower is, without any doubt, a very            price, viz., 50 Guineas per annum. The houses con-
fine and rare specimen of Anglo-Saxon Architecture.         tain Thirteen Rooms each, a n d command extensive
      &eatdesire has been felt of late to restore this      Sea and Land Views, a n d a r e fitted up with great
%ch,       both on account of i t s many interesting        taste, presenting in style a n elegance scarcely ever
associations, and, more particularly, its present           met with where the rent i s 100 Guineas a year. The
wretched state of rt'pair. An earnest appeal is there-      houses are within a n easy distance of Christchurch,
fore made to the Public in general, and those con-          the Catholic Chapel, and other places of worship, and
nected with the University of Cambridge in particular,      are sapplied with good water, a piece of garden, and
t o aid in this good work, a s the sum required is ioo      the geceral use of the pleasure grounds.
large for the Parishioners to raise unaided.                  For particulars apply to Mr. T. T. SADLER, Kouse
   Subscriptions, even of the smallest amount, will be      and Estate Acent. S~encer-sauare. Ramsgate.
most thankfully received by
                                                             For Purifying the Blood and Strength-
THEREV. J O S E P HPULLEN,Minister.                                  ening the Digestive Organs.
THE C H V R C H W A ~ ~ E N S .
JANESN O U G I IEsq.,
                  ,    Corp!ls Buildings,
At Messrs. ~\IORTI~OCK'S.    and t h e LONDON
                                                             F    RENCH'S SARSAPARILLA AND
                                                                       CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of
                                            and C O U N T Y these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited
     J O I N TSTOCKB&NI&, Cambridge.                        for either sex. and will Drove a certain cure for Indi-
And a t Messrs. P A a s o r s ' OLDBANK,Oxford.             Ccrtion. 1.ossoi ~ j , ~ ~ .Dlrnncss
                                                                                             t i k , of Sight, Fainting
                                                             F ~ t s \Vnst!r~g
                                                                     ,         of thc l:lcsl~, Languor, Skllr D~seases,
                                                             Rlieurnacic arid Nervous Affections. and all lmouritlcs
I3EAUTY.-The
           .
       primrose
                                 thorn that veils the of Blood caused by unhealthyciimates, too sehentary
                 from our view is n o t more invidious
in Nature than superfluous Hair o n the Facc, Neck,
                                                            a life, dissipation, and other causes. However debili-
                                                            tated the system, or deep-rooted t h e disease, by the
and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-                   diligent use of thls purifying Medicine the energies
DER is the most certain and elegant preparationfor          o i the whole nervous system will be augmented, a
its removal-the genuine is perfectly innocent, is easy      more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
and pleasant t o use, and has been signed " G. H.           produced, and feebleness, and all the deplorable
HOGARD " for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro.           symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength and
prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,        health be restored to t h e feeble and afflicted by its
Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, in         restorative properties.-Prepared           only by W. A.
packets, price 4s. Double ditto, 7s., or by post, free      FRENCH,      309. Holborn, two doors west of Chancery-
for 50 or 8s Postage stamps.                                lane. P r ~ c e2s. gd., 4s. 6d., lls., and 22s.


                        K I R B Y , B E A R D , & GO.,
ORIGINAL PATENTEES & MANUFACTURERS OF THE NE PLUS ULTRA & ROYAL DIAMOND PATENT
                                     PINS AND NEEDLES,
      TO HER MOST EXCELLENT
                   -
                            MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA.
T H Eacknowledged excellence of t h e above Pins and Needles, manufactured solely by KIRBY BEARD & Co.
under their immediate superintendence, has justly rendered them worthy of the extensive padonage aAd high
reputation which they have so long maintained.
  The combined efforts of mechanical ingenuity and long practical experience, have brought them to the
highest possible perfection ; and K., B., and Co. confidently recommend them a s superior t o all others, from
their possessing all the requisites sought after in these very usefui articles.
  K., B., PE CO., in presenting themselves a s long established manufacturers, beg most respectfully t o caution
Ladies,--to prevent their being deceived by impertect producfions in imitation of, and purporting to be of their
manufacture,-that they have, to distinguish them, amxed t o their
                       Ne Plus Ultra and Royal Diamond
                  P A T E N T P I N S AND NEEDLES,
                               A Gold Label, bearing t h e name of the Firm in full,
                      WITHOUT WNICH NONE ARE GENUINE.
  Sold by all the principal Haberdashers, Silk Mercers, and Drapers in the United Kingdom-and              Wholesale
and for Exportation by
                           KIRBY, BEARD, & CO, 46, CANNONSTREET,LONDON.

  The Articles made of
                                                                                            As there are many
COCOA NUT FIBRE, ar
                                                                                          worthless imitations of
 Matting, Mattresses,
                                                                                          these goods, it is neces-
    HEARTH-RUGS,
 Door and Carnage lMats,
                                                                                          sary to notice the Name
 liiettlng foe %~eepfOl8%                                                                 and Address of the
     CORDAGE,                                                                             Manufacturer,
Brushes and Brooms,
For Household and Stab11
                                                                                           T. TRELOAR,
        use, &c. ;                                                                         '?, LUDGATE HILL,
A Catalogue of which ma?                                                                           London.
      be had gratis.
