months of JANUARY,       FEBRUARY,    and MARCH,a similar number of THE
HOUSEHOLD      NARRATIVE   for each of those months will be published before
the year is out.
   I t is scarcely necessary to explain that it is not proposed to render the
purchase of THE HOUSEHOLD         NARRATIVE  compulsory on the purchasers of
Household Words ; and that the Supplementary Number, though always
published a t the same time as our Monthly Part, will therefore be detached
from it, and published separately.
   Nor is it necessary for us, we believe, to expatiate on our leading reasons
for adding this new undertaking to our present enterprise. The intimate
connexion between the facts and realities of the time, and the means by
which we aim, in HOUSEHOLD WORDS," to soften what is hard in
them, to exalt what is held in little consideration, and to show the latent
hope there is in what may seem unprornising, needs not to be pointed out.
All that we sought to express in our Preliminary Word, in reference to
this work, applies, we think, to its proposed companion. As another
humble means of enabling those who accept us for their friend, to bear
the world's rough-cast events to the anvil of courageous duty, and there
beat them into shape, we enter on the project, and confide in its success.
  OFarc., 16, WelZifiglon Street North.
           ApriC 19, 1850.




  "   Familiar in their Mouths as HOUSEHOLD WORD$."-Shakspeare.

                  Publishing weekly, price 2d., or stamped for post, 3d.
                                also ~ T Monthly
                                         Z        Parts.


HOUSEHOLD WORDS.
                               A WEEKLY JOURNAL.
    Designed for the Instruction and Entertainment of all
                      Classes of Readers.
                                          CONDUCTED BY

                          CHARLES DICKENS.
  OFFICE, 16, WELLINGTON            STREET   NORTH,   STRAND; AND ALL BOOKSELLERS.

                                                           [Byadbury &Evans, Printers, Whitefriars.]
