470            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 you had been so good. And now a last word, dearest and best of friends !
 The cause of the late change in you, which I have seen with so much pain and
 sorrow, and have sometimes referred to my old apprehension-at other times
 to lingering suppositions nearer to the truth-has been made clear to-night ;
 and by an accident I have also come to know, to-night, the full measure of
 your noble trust in me, even under that mistake. I do not hope that any
 love and duty I may render in return, will ever make me worthy of your
 priceless confidence; but with all this knowledge fresh upon me, I can
 lift my eyes to this dear face, revered as a father's, loved as a husband's,
 sacred to me in my childhood as a friend's, and solemnly declare that
 in my lightest thought I have never wronged you ; never wavered in the
 love and the fidelity I owe you! "
     She had her arms around the Doctor's neck, and he leant his head
 down over her, mingling his grey hair with her dark brown tresses.
     "Oh, hold me to your heart, my husband ! Never cast me out ! Do not
 think or speak of disparity between us, for there is none, except in all my
 many imperfections. Every succeeding year I have known this better, as I
 have esteemed you more and more. Oh, take me to your heart, my
 husband, for my love was founded on a rock, and it endures ! "
    I n the silence that ensued, my aunt walked gravely up to Mr. Dick,
 without at all hurrying herself, and gave him a hug and a sounding kiss.
 And it was very fortunate, with a view to his cred~t,that she did so ; for
 I am confident that I detected him at that moment in the act of making
 preparations to stand on one leg, as an appropriate expression of delight.
     " You are a very remarkable man, Dick! " said my aunt, with an air

 of unqualified approbation; '(and never pretend to be anything else,
for I know better ! "
    With that, my aunt pulled him by the sleeve, and nodded to me ; and
 we three stole quietly out of the room, and came away.
    " That 's a settler for our military friend, at any rate," said my aunt,
on the way home. " I should sleep the better for that, if there was no-
thing else to be glad of ! "
    "She was quite overcome, I am afraid," said Mr. Dick, with great
commiseration.
    "What ! Did you ever see a crocodile overcome ? " inquired my aunt.
    " I don't think I ever saw a crocodile," returned Mr. Dick, mildly.
    "There never would have been anything the matter, if it hadn't been for
that old Animal," sald my aunt, with strong emphasis. " I t ' s very much
to be wished that some mothers would leave their daughters alone after
marriage, and not be so violently affectionate. They seem to think the
only return that can be made them for bringing an unfortunate young
woman into the world-God bless my soul, as if she asked to be brought,
or wanted to come !-is full liberty to worry her out of it again. What
are you thinking of, Trot P"
    I was thmking of all that had been said. hly mind was still running
on some of the expressions used. "There can be no disparity in marriage
like unsuitability of mind and purpose." " The first mistaken impulse of
an undisciplined heart." '&lt; My love was founded on a rock." But we
were at home ; and the trodden leaves were lying under-foot, and the
autumn wind was blowing.
