 350           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 there is no longer any apprehension; but I pledge it to you, too, with the
 greatest readiness. That first unlucky obligation, I have paid. I have
 no doubt Mr. Micawber would have paid it if he could, but he could not.
 One thing I ought to mention, which I like very much in Mr. Micawber,
 Copperfield. I t refers to the second obligation, which is not yet due.
 He don't tell me that it is provided for, but he says it will be. Now, I
 think there is something very fair and honest about that ! "
    I was unwilling to damp my good friend's confidence, and therefore
 assented. After a little further conversation, we went round to the
chandler's shop, to enlist Peggotty ; Traddles declining to pass the evening
with me, both because he endured the liveliest apprehensions that his
property would be bought by somebody else before he could re-purchase
it, and because it was the evening he always devoted to writing to the
dearest girl in the world.
   I never shall forget him peeping round the corner of the street in
Tottenham Court Road, while Peggotty was bargaining for the precious
articles; or his agitation when she came slowly towards us after vainly
offering a price, and was hailed by the relenting broker, aud went back
again. The end of the negotiation was, that she bought the property on
tolerably easy terms, and Traddles was transported with pleasure.
    "1 am very much obliged to you, indeed," said Traddles, on hearing it
was to be sent to where he lived, that night. " If I might ask one other
favor, I hope you wouldn't think it absurd, Copperfield ? "
    I said beforehand, certainly not.
    " Then if you would be good enough," said Traddles to Peggotty, " to
get the flower-pot now, I think I should like (it being Sophy's, Copperfield)
to carry it home myself! "
    Peggotty was glad to get it for him, and he overwhelmed her with
thanks, and went his way up Tottenham Court Road, carrying the flower-
pot affectionately in his arms, with one of the most delighted expressions
of countenance I ever saw.
   We then turned back towards my chambers. As the shops had charms
for Peggotty which I never knew them possess in the same degree for
anybody else, I sauntered easily along, amused by her staring in at the
windows, and waiting for her as often as she chose. We were thus a good
while in getting to the Adelphi.
   On our way upstairs, I called her attention to the sudden disappearance
of Mrs. Crupp's pitfalls, and also to the prints of recent footsteps. We
were both very much surprised, coming higher up, to find my outer door
standing open (which I had shut), and to hear voices inside.
   We looked at one another, without knowing what to make of this, and
went into the sitting-room. What was my amazement to find, of all
people upon earth, my aunt there, and Mr. Dick ! My aunt sitting on a
quantity of luggage, with her two birds before her, and her cat on her
knee, like a female Robinson Crusoe, drinking tea. Mr. Dick leaning
thoughtfully on a great kite, such as we had often been out together to
fly, with more luggage piled about him !
    " My dear aunt ! " cried I. "Why, what an unexpected pleasure ! "
   We cordially embraced ; and Mr. Dick and I cordially shook hands ;
and Mrs. Crupp, who was busy making tea, and could not be too attentive,
