THE CHEAPEST MAPS EVER ISSUED FOR GENERAL
                 AND EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES.


          PHILIPS' S E R I E S

LARGE SIXPENNY MAPS,
      SIZE-FULLSHEET      22 BY 27 INCHES,
                   IMPERIAL,            FULLCOLOURED
                                                  ;
Engraved in the best style, and ern6racing all the recent Geographical Discoveries.

                              LIST OF THE MAPS.
  1 The World, on Mercator's Projection. 43 Corea and Islands of Japan.
  2 ,, Northern Hemisphere.              44 China.
  3 ,, Southern       Do.                45 East India Islands.
  4 ,, Eastern        Do.                46 Hindostan.
  5 ,, Western        Do.                47 British India-Northern part.
  6 ,, North Horizontal Do.              48 British India-Southern part.
  7 ,, South       Do.                   49 Birman Empire.
  8 Europe.                              50 Persia.
  9 Asia.                                51 Turkey in Asia.
10 Africa.                               52 Arabia.
11 America-General Map.                  53 Egypt and Abyssinia.
12 North America.                        54 North and South Africa.
13 South America.                        55 Atlantic Islands.
14 England.                              56 Chart of the Atlantic.
15 Scotland.                             57 Canada.
 16 Ireland.                             58 United States.
 17 British Isles.                       59 California, Mexico, &c.
18 The Channel Islands, including Isle   60 Panama, Quatimala, &c.
      of Man and Isle of Wight.          61 West Indies.
19 Chart of the Baltic Sea.              62 Isles of Bermuda, Bahama, and Cuba.
20 Sweden and Norway.                    63 Jamaica.
21 Denmark.                              64 St. Domingo aud Virgin Isles.
22 Germany-Northern part.                65 St. Christophers, with Nevis and St.
23 Germany-Southern part.                       Lucia.
24 Holland.                              66 Antigua, with Guadaloupe, &c.
25 Belgium.                              67 Dominica, with Martinico, &c.
26 France, in Departments.               68 Barbadoes and St. Vincent.
27 France, in Provinces.                 69 Trinidad, Grenada, Tobago, and
28 Spain and Portugal.                          Caragoa.
29 Chart of the Mediterranean.           70 Peru, Chili, and La Plata.
30 Greece.                               71 Islands  in the Pacific.
31 Italy.                                72 Australia.
32 Venetian States.                      73 New South Wales and Van Dieman's
33 Kilanese States.                             Land.
34 Tuscany and the States of the Church  74 Caraccas and Guiana.
35 Naples and Sicily.                    75 Chart of the North-west Passage
36 Switzerland.                                 between Europe and America.
37 Austria.                              76 Chart of the Discoveries of Ross,
38 Prussia.                                     Parry, and Franklu~in the Arctio
39 Poland.                                      Regions.
40 Russia in Europe.                     77 Table of the comparati~eHeight of
41 Russian Emplre.                              Mountains.
42 Tartary.                              78 Ditto        ditto Length of Rivers.

   This series of Maps is by far the largest, best, and cheapest ever offered for
separate sale. Persons desirous of having a specimen of the series, can ordor a
single Map, through their Booksellers, or remit 10d. in postage stamps to the Pub-
lishers, who will send any Map named, postage free.

                                    LONDON :
 P U B L I S H E D F O R T H E P R O P R I E T O R S BY J A M E S G I L B E R T ,
                             49, PATERNOSTER    ROW.
                  LIVERPOOL : GEORGE PHILIP AND SON.
EDINBURGH: OLIVER A N D BOYD.   DUBLIN   : W.   ROBERTSON.   GLASGOW   : R.   GRIFFIN AND CO.

    O ~ d e r receiued
              s        by every Bookseller, Stationer, $c. in the United Killgdom.
                                                                           [TURNOVER*
