516            THE PERSONAL HISTORY &VD EXPERIENCE

stand that they used at first to call her 'Pretty lady,' as the general way
in that country is, and that she had taught 'em to call her 'Fislier-
man's daughter' instead. The child says of a sudden, 'Fisherman's
daughter, here 'S a shell ! ' Then Em'ly unnerstands her ; and she answers,
bursting out a crying; and it all comes back !
    " When Em'ly got strong again," said Mr. Peggotty, after another short

interval of silence, " she cast about to leave that good young creetur, and
get to her own country. The husband was come home, then; and the
two together put her aboard a small trader bound to Leghorn, and from that
to France. She had a little money, but it was less than little as they
would take for all they done. I 'm a'most glad on it, though they was so
 poor! What they done, is laid up wheer neither moth nor rust doth
 corrupt, and wheer thieves do not break through nor steal. Mas'r Davy,
it 'l1 outlast all the treasure in the wureld.
     " Em'ly got to France, and took service to wait on travelling ladies at

 a inn in the port. Theer, theer come, one day, that snake.-Let him never
 come nigh me. I doen't know what hurt I might do him !-Soon as she
 see him, without him seeing her, all her fear and wildness returned upon
 her, and she fled afore the very breath he draw'd. She come to England,
 and was set ashore at Dover.
     " I doen't know," said &fr. Peggotty, " for sure, when her 'art begun

 to fail her; but all the way to England she had thowt to come to her dear
 home. Soon as she got to England she turned her face tow'rds it. But,
 fear of not being forgiv, fear of being pinted at, fear of some of us being
 dead along of her, fear of many things, turned her from it, kiender by
 force, upon the road: 'Uncle, uncle,' she says to me, 'the fear of not
 being worthy to do, what my torn and bleeding breast so longed to do, was
 the most fright'ning fear of all ! I turned back, when my 'art was full of
 prayers that I might crawl to the old doorstep, in the night, kiss it, lay my
 wicked face upon it, and theer be found dead in the morning.'
     "She come," said Mr. Peggotty, dropping his voice to an awe-stricken
 whisper, " to London. She-as had never seen it in her life-alone-
 without a penny-young-so            pretty-come   to London. A'most the
 moment as she lighted heer, all so desolate, she found (as she believed) a
 friend; a decent woman as spolte to her about the needle-work as she had
 been brought up to do, about finding plenty of it fur her, about a lodging for
 the night, and making secret inquiratiori concerning of me and all at home,
 to-morrow. When my child," he said aloud, and with an energy of
 gratitude that shook him from head to foot, "stood upon the brink
  of more thau I can say or think on-Martha,            trew to her promise,
 saved her ! "
     I could not repress a cry of joy.
     " Mas'r Davy ! " he said, griping my hand in that strong hand of his,

  " it was you as first made mention of her to me. I thankee, sir ! She
  was arnest. She had know'd of her bitter knowledge wheer to watch
  and what to do. She had done it. And the Lord was above all! She
  come, white and hurried, upon Em'ly in her sleep. She says to her,
  ' Rise up from worse thau death, and come with me ! ' Them belonging
  to the house would have stopped her, but they might as soon have stopped
  the sea. ' Stand away from me,' she says, ' I am a ghost that calls her
  from beside her open grave ! ' She told Em'ly she had seen me, and know'd
