                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

 so much, which softened the whole narrative. I t is very possible that
 it had been in my mind a long time, and had gradually engendered my
 determination.
    As I did not even know where Miss Betsey lived, I wrote a long letter
 to Peggotty, and asked her, incidentally, if she remembered ; pretending
 that I had heard of such a lady living at a certain place I named a t
 random, and had a curiosity to know if it were the same. I n the course
 of that letter, I told Peggotty that I had a particular occasion for half a
 guinea; and that if she could lend me that sum until I could repay it, I
 should be very much obliged to her, and would tell her afterwards what I
 had wanted it for.
    Peggotty's answer soon arrived, and was, as usual, full of affectionate
 devotion. She enclosed the half guinea (I was afraid she must have
 had a world of trouble to get it out of Mr. Barkis's box), and told
me that Miss Betsey lived near Dover, but whether at Dover itself,
at Hythe, Sandgate, or Folkstone, she could not say. One of our
men, however, informing me on my asking him about these places, that
they were all close together, I deemed this enough for my object, and
resolved to set out at the end of that week.
    Being a very honest little creature, and unwilling to disgrace the
memory I was going to leave behind me at Murdstone and Grinby's, I
considered myself bound to remain until Saturday night ; and, as I had
been paid a week's wages in advance when I first came there, not to pre-
sent myself in the counting-house at the usual hour, to receive my stipend.
For this express reason, I had borrowed the half-guinea, that I might not
be without a fund for my travelling-expenses. Accordingly, when the
Saturday night came, and we were all waiting in the warehouse to be
paid, and Tipp the carman, who always took precedence, went in first to
draw his money, I shook Mick Walker by the hand; asked him when it
came to his turn to be paid, to say to Mr. Quinion that I had gone to
move my box to Tipp's ; and, bidding a last good night to Mealy Potatoes,
ran away.
    My box was at my old lodging, over the water, and I had written a
direction for it on the back of one of our address cards that we nailed on
the casks: "Master David, to be left till called for, at the Coach Office,
Dover." This I had in my pocket ready to put on the box, after I should
have got it out of the house ; and as I went towards my lodging, I looked
about me for some one who would help me to carry it to the booking-
office.
   There was a long-legged young man with a very little empty donkey-
cart, standing near the Obelisk, in the Blackfriars Road, whose eye I
caught as I was going by, and who, addressing me as " Sixpenn'orth of
bad ha'pence," hoped " I should know him agin to swear to "-in allu-
sion, I have no doubt, to my staring at him. I stopped to assure him
that I had not done so in bad manners, but uncertain whether he might
or might not like a job.
    " Wot job ?" said the long-legged young man.
   '' To move a box," I answered.
   " Wot box ? " said the long-legged young man.
   I told him mine, which was down that street there, and which I wanted
him to take to the Dover coach-office for sixpence.
