 2                                           ADVERTISENIENTS.
                                                                          --            --


                       J O H N KENDRICK,
                             BOOKSELLER,
                4, CHARLOTTE ROW, MANSION HOUSE, LONDON.
                       LIBRARIES OR SMALL PARCELS O F BOOKS PURCHASED.

CROLY (DR. GEORGE) ON THE CHOLERA;                         HAWKER'S (REV. DR. ROBERT) COMMENTARY
    with Rules for the Prevention of the Dlsease:             ON THE BIBLE ; with the SacredText a t Large.
    Natlonal Diseases ; Divine Judgments. 3d.                3 vols. 4t0, calf, neat and Strong. 21.6s. 6d. ; sells
-          DIVINE ORIGIN AND OBLIGATION OF                    a t 41.10s. i n cloth.
-
-
    MARRIAGE. 3d.
           THE FRENCH REVOLUTION OF 1848. 3d.
           THE UNIVERSAL KINGDOM. 3d.
                                                           RODWELL'S MEMOIRS O F AN UMBRELLA.
                                                              Illustrated with Sixty-Eight Engravings by Lan.
                                                              dells. from Designs by Phlz. 4to cloth, p l t edges.
           THE REFORMATION A DIRECT GIFT                      3s. (Pub. a t 7s )
    OF DIVINE PROVIDENCE. 3d.                              NEW TESTAMENT; a Family Commentary, or a
----       POPERY THE ANTICHRIST. 3d.                         Short and Easy Exposition, for the Use of the
-          PAPAL ROME: THE PRINCIPLESA N D
    P~ACTICE     oaS ROMEALIKE CONDEMNED        B Y THE
                                                              Fam~lyor Private Reading. Two volumes i n one.
                                                              8v0, cloth, gllt edges, with Register. Twenty.
-   GOSPEL. 3d.
           THE HOLY BIBLE, THE RESTORER O F
    CHRISTIANITY. 3d.
                                                              one Plates, after Turner, Martin, &c. 6s. 6d.
                                                              (Pub. a t 11 I s )
                                                           CLAN MACLEAN (THE ACCOUNT OF), from its
                                                                                                              1836
  *** The above E ~ g h tSermons, bound neatly in             First Settlement a t Castle Duart, in the Isleof
                    cloth, for 2s. 6d.                        Mull, t o the Present Period. BY A. SENEACHIE.
COWPER'S POETICAL WORKS. Royal Ismo, cloth                    8v0, boards. 2s.                                1838
    elegant, gllt edges. Seven Plates. 3s.                 GOLDSMITH'S (0.) HISTORY OF ENGLAND
EVENINGS AT HOME. By Dr. AIKIN and Mrs.                       from the Earliest Times to the Death of George 11:
    BARBAULD.Woodcnts. Large type, cloth, gilt                Beautifullv orinted bv Whittineham. with Pnvtrait
    edges. 28.6d.
THE HISTORY O F SANDFORD AND MERTON.
   By T. DAY. l2mo cloth, gilt edges, good large                                            : Treating of Man i n
   type. Seven plates. 3s.                                     his Physical Nature, Intellectual and Moral
THE HOLIDAY BOOK. By MARTIN. Numerous                          Faculties. Education. the Fireside. Familv Go-
   Woodcuts. Cloth, gilt edges. 2s. 6d. (Pub. a t 6s.)        vernment, Religion,. the ~mportance of ~ ' r i t
MILTON'S POETICAL WORKS. lzmo, cloth, gilt                     Instruction, Intellectual Culture, Accomplish.
   edges. Plates. 3s. 6d.                                     ments, Manners, and the Health of Children.
SEVENTY-TWO BEAUTIFUL PRINTS,                      after      with an Introduction, General Remarks, and i;
   TURNER.MARTIN,&c. kc., for Scrap Books, &c.,               concluding Exhortation to Parents. svo, sewed.
    only 6s. 6d.                                              I l l pages. Is. (Pub. a t 1s. 6d.)
THIRTY-TWO PORTRAITS, and FORTY VIEWS.                        "A book that no parent should he without."
   Engraved by FINDEN. Illustrating Lord Byron's          EIGHTY VIEWS O N T a m THAMES AND MEDWAY-
   Works. The Seventy-two Prints for 8s.                      a Series of t h e most beautiful Engravings eve;
BROUGHAM'S (LORD) HISTORICAL SKETCHES                         produced, displaying the Waterside Scenery of
   OF STATESMEN WHO FLOURISHED IN THE                         Ten Counties, with appropriate emblematical
   TIME OF GEORGE 111.. vlz., Robesplerre,                    Borders, from Drawings by Tombleson, the histo-
   Danton, Cam~lleDesmoulins, St. Just, S~Eyes,               rical descriptions by W. G. Fearoside, Esq. Now
   Fouch6 (afterwards Dnke of Otranto), John,                 offered, large 4to size, handsomely bound, with
   Fourth Dnke of Bedford, Earl Camden, John                  gilt edges, a t only 11. Is. (Pub. a t 21.2s.)
   Wdkes. Demagogue Arts Lord Ellenborough,               AINSWORTH'S (W. H.) MISER'S DAUGHTER.
   Lord dhlef Justlce ~ n s h ; ? ,Thomas Jefferson ;         A Tale. With Twenty Illustratians by George
   American Democracy, Marquis Wellesley (now                 Cruikshank. 8v0,redcloth. 6s. 6d. (Pub.a t 14s.)
   Duke of Well~ngton),Lord Holland, John Allen:          AINSWORTH'S (W. H.) OLD ,SAINT PAUL'S;
   with a n Append~xof the Llves of Walpole and               ATaleof the Plague and the F ~ r e . With Twenty-
   Bolingbroke. Towhich are added, Remarks on the             one Illustrations by John Franklin and H. K.
   French Revolution. 8vo cl. 3s. 6d. (Pub.at 10s. 6d.)       Browne. 8v0, red cloth. 6s. 6d. (Pub a t 14s.)
BANKS AND BANKERS. ' A Treatlse o n Bankmg;               CHRONICLES OF THE BASTILE: An Historical
   wlth an Appendix, comprlslng a Review of the               Romance. Forty Plates. With 640 Pages. Thick
   Fa~lnresamongst Prlvate and Joint Stock Banks.             8v0, red cloth. 6s.6d. (Pub. a t 1I. Is )
   BY D. HARDCASTLE.Post avo. 28.6d. (Pub. a t            WILKINSON (H. WATTS). Memoirs of the Life a n d
   10s. ad.)                                                  Ministry of the late Rev. Watts Wilkinson, B.A.;
BANKER'S CLERK ; comprising the Principles and                with Extracts from his Correspondence. 8v0,
   Practice of Baulunz. - 121110. sewed. is. 6d. (Pub.       cloth. 3s. (Pub. a t 10s.6d.)
       Is. 6d.)                                           TRENCH'S (REV. F.) SHORT NOTES ON T H E
       ON'S COMPT.ETE SYSTEM OF BOOK-                         HOLY SCRIPTURES. With References. In-
                                                             tended for Daily Use in Families. Chiefly Selec-
                                                             tions from various Authors. avo, boards. Is.
                    [ISM, forming a Modern, Concise,          (Pub. a t 7s.)
   Simplibed,and Pract~cal~ y s t e m , f o rGeneral Use, MOTHER'S MEDICAL INSTRUCTOR; being a
   both for the Merchant and Trader. Bv MARCUS               eomplete Course of Directions for the Medicdl
   TROTTER.SVO,cloth. 28. (Pub. a t 6i.)                     Management of Mothers and Children. By a n
POTTER'S (T. R.) HISTORY AND ANTIQUITIES                     eminent Physician. 3am0, cloth, gilt edges. 6d.
   OF CHARNWOOD FOREST, i n Leicestershire;                  (Pub. a t as. Gd.)
   with a n Appendix o n the Geology, Botany, and                         "Every Mother's Book."
   Ornithology of the District. Illustrated with 24       SHIPP'S MEMOIRS OF HIS EXTRAORDINARY
   Steel Engravings, 10 Woodcuts and a Map of the            MILITARY CAREER. Written by Himself. T o
   Forest. 4to cloth. 6s. 6d. ( ~ u f b .a t 22.28.)         which is added, a n Appendix. lama, red cloth.
CHRISTIAN'S (THE) HALF-HOUR BOOK; com-                       Is. 6d. (Pub. a t 5s.)
   prising Thirty Essays on various important snb-                   " A book full of wit and anecdote."
   jects, viz., Deity, Trinity, Messiah's Kingdom,        FENNER'S POCKET ATLAS OF MODERN AND
   Apostacy, Redemption, Resurrection, &c. &c. j             ANCIENT GEOGRAPHY. With Descriptive
   with an Ornamented Plate. lamo, cloth. 3s.                Letterpress. 79 Colonred Maps. Hf.-bd. morocco,
   (Pub. a t 6s 6d.)                                         cloth sides. 88. 6d. (Pub. a t lZ. 1 Is. 6d.)   1835
THE HOLY BIBLE : with Explanatory Notes, Prac-            OWEN'S (MRS. H . ) HAND-BOOK OF KNITTING;
   tical Observations, copious Marginal References,          showing the Meaning of the D~fferentTerms
   and Indexes. By the Rev. THOMAS         SCOTT. IIius-     employed i n this valuable Art. ISmo, stitched
  trated with a Series of Vie 4 s drawn from Nature.         cover. 4d. (Pub. a t 1s.)                       1845
   3 vols. 4t0, half-bound, calf, gilt edges, 31.7s. 6d.     "A practical companion t o the work-table."
