                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            15
   " God knows you have, ma'am," returned Peggotty.
     " Then how can you dare," said my mother-" you know I don't mean
  how can you dare, Peggotty, but how can you have the heart-to make me
  so uncomfortable and say such bitter things to me, when you are well
  aware that I haven't, out of this place, a single friend to turn to ! "
     a The more 's the reason," returned Peggotty, " for saying that it
 won't do. No ! That it won't do. No ! No price could make it do.
 No ! "-I thought Peggotty would have thrown the candlestick away,
 she was so emphatic with it.
    "How can you be so aggravating," said my mother, shedding
 more tears than before, " as to talk in such an unjust manner ! How
 can you go on as if it was all settled and arranged, Peggotty, when I tell
 you over and over again, you cruel thing, that beyond the commonest
 civilities nothing has passed! You talk of admiration. What am I
 to do ? If people are so silly as to indulge the sentiment, is it my fault ?
 What am I to do, I ask you? Would you wish me to shave my head
 and black my face, or disfigure myself with a burn, or a scald, or something
 of that sort ? I dare say you would, Peggotty. I dare say you 'd quite
 enjoy it."
    Peggotty seemed to take this aspersion very much to heart, I thought.
    "And my dear boy," cried my mother, coming to the elbow-chair in
 which I was, and caressing me, "my own little Davy ! I s it to be hinted
to me that I am wanting in affection for my precious treasure, the dearest
little fellow that ever was ! "
    " Nobody never went and hinted no such a thing," said Peggotty.
    "You did, Peggotty !" returned my mother. " You know you did.
What else was it possible to infer from what you said, you unkind creature,
when you know as well as I do, that on his account only last quarter I
wouldn't buy myself a new parasol, though that old green one is frayed
the whole way up, and the fringe is perfectly mangy. You know it is,
Peggotty. You can't deny it." Then, turning affectionately to me, with
her cheek against mine, " Am I a naughty mama to you, Davy ? Am I a
nasty, cruel, selfish, bad mama ? Say I am, my child ; say 'yes ;' dear boy,
and Peggotty will love you, and Peggotty's love is a great deal better
than mine, Davy. I dont love you at all, do I ? "
    At this, we all fell a-crying together. I think I was the loudest of the
party, but I am sure we were all sincere about it. I was quite heart-
broken myself, and am afraid that in the first transports of wounded ten-
derness I called Peggotty a " Beast." That honest creature was in deep
aflhction, I remember, and must have become quite buttonless on the
occasion; for a little volley of those explosives went off, when, after
having made it up with my mother, she kneeled down by the elbow-
chair, and made it up with me.
    We went to bed greatly dejected. My sobs kept waking me, for a long
time; and when one very strong sob quite hoisted me up in bed, I found
my mother sitting on the coverlet, and leaning over me. I fell asleep in
her arms, after that, and slept soundly.
   Whether it was the following Sunday when I saw the gentleman again,
or whether there was any greater lapse of time before he reappeared, I
