                                        DOUDNEYS
 Watettprclclfer$,                               EaBttTO $l%atiers',anD GEaiIors'
 QUEEN V I C T O R I A , QUEEN ADELAIDE,
               H.R.H. Prince Albert, H.R.H. The Duchess of Kent,
                                         KING LOUIS PHILIPPE,
And the ROYAL FAMILIES of ENGLAND and FRANCE,
 The DOUDNEYS motto is "none but Good Articles can be cheap,"
and with this ever in view they have, by increasing efforts, established a R e a d y Money business of great extent
among the strong holds of)the old fashioned usurious Credit System. As to the character and recom-
mendatory influence of the approbation which has been bestowed upon their endeavours; let their 3?i& IIoyal
Appointments, and their Patronage Book filled wlth the Royal, Illustrious, and Noble names
of their customers, testify.

   The New Patterns for Spring and Summer wear are now ready for
inspection at the Old Prices so famous in seasons p a t , viz. :-Summer Waistcoats 7s. each, or 3 for 20s.-
Summer Trousers 10s. 6d. per pair: or 3 for 30s.-Summer Coats, the beautiful light material 10s. 66.-21s. and 30s.

    The Queens Victoria and Adelaide, and the Royal and Noble Duchesses
of Kent and Cambridge. Sutherland and Buccleuch, constantly wear Doudney's elegant Registered Cloak i n a
variety of Waterproof, ~uaterialsfor Winter Wraps and the Promenade.--LLEvery Lady should see these graceful)~ar-
ments." (Tide Morning Post, September 26th.) They surpass all others for School Cloaks for the sons and daughters.

   For Gentlemen.-The                                  Roval Redstered Cloak. as made for
H.IS.IL. ImRISCE.LLREI(T, the ~ o b i i l ttlie              ~ ,~ r n ; ~ , and Savy, atld all \\:lie sru~:yromf&lt;,r*i,
cjupled witli a trulvGentlemanly exterior. Tliese cloaks are pr~~riuunced   by those wlio understnnJ tllc Iiiatter, '6 The
~ro*b  nrrlsihl&Garlucnt e v e r iutr.odnced,"dt prices to suit nil custonlcrs irom the Supcrh down to tlle
useful Guinea Cloak.

   The New Patent Belt for Riding or general exercise, the only really effectual
protection against rupture; the support commencing at the bottom edge of the belt, and producing an uniform upward
pressure. They may be enlarged or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce indigestlon
either in Ladies or Gentlemen. They are attached to Drawers with excellent effect. The most eminent of the Faculty
are recommending these in preference to all others.

   LIVERIES. Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                                                  Ready Money
be8   it !I!    and a very extensive practice among families of first distinction insures satisfactory results.

  Habit Makers by Special Appointment to Queen Victoria and
the Ladies of the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas,
  Waterproof Irish Poplin. The DOUDNEYS are the sole manufac-
turers of this beautiful article to H E R MAJESTY AND T H E PRINCE CONSORT.                        Gentlemen's Coats, Ladies
Cloaks, and lengths for Dresses can be obtained only at their Establishment.

   Country Gentlemen wishing to be Respectably Dressed at low Prices should
send for a Book of detail, self-measurement and all the System of business, or if 3 or 4 Gentlemen unite, a Traveller
will wait upon them.

17, OLD BOND ST.,25,BURLINGTON ARCADE
 49. LOMBARD ~ ~ ~ l % i ~ - ~ s t a b l1784.
                                         ished
