                           OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  you only to tell me, is it anger, is it hatred, is it pride, is it restlessness,
  is it some wild fancy, is it love, what is it, that is leading him ? "
      "Miss Dartle," I returned, " how shall I tell you, so that you will
  believe me, that I know of nothing in Steerforth different from what there
  was when I first came here. I can think of nothing. I firmly believe
 there is nothing. I hardly understand, even, what you mean."
      As she still looked fixedly at me, a twitching or throbbing, from which
 I could not dissociate the idea of pain, came into that cruel mark; and
 lifted up the corner of her lip as if with scorn, or with a pity that despised
 its object. She put her hand upon it hurriedly-a hand so thin and
 delicate, that when I had seen her hold it up before the fire to shade her
 face, I had compared it in my thoughts to fine porcelain-and saying, in
 a quick, fierce, passionate way, " I swear you to secresy about this! "
 said not a word more.
     Mrs. Steerforth was particularly happy in her son's society, and Steer-
 forth was, on this occasion, particularly attentive and respectful to her.
 I t was very interesting to me to see them together, not only on account of
 their mutual affection, but because of the strong personal resemblance
 between them, and the manner in which what was haughty or impetuous in
 him was softened by age and sex, in her, to a gracious dignity. I thought,
 more than once, that it was well no serious cause of division had ever
 come between them ; or two such natures-I ought rather to express it,
 two such shades of the same nature-might have been harder to reconcile
 than the two extremest opposites in creation. The idea did not originate
in my own discernment, I am bound to confess, but in a speech of Rosa
 Dartle's.
     She said at dinner :
     "Oh, but do tell me, though, somebody, because I have been thinking
 about it all day, and I want to know."
   'I   You want to know what, Rosa?" returned Mrs. Steerforth. "Pray,
 pray, Rosa, do not be mysterious."
     '' Mysterious ! " she cried. " Oh ! really ? Do you consider me so ? "
     "Do I constantly entreat you," said Mrs. Steerforth, "to speak plainly,
in your own natural manner ? "
    " Oh! then, this is not my natural manner? " she rejoined. "Now
you must really bear with me, because I ask for information. We never
know ourselves."
    c'It has become a second nature," said Mrs. Steerforth, without any
displeasure ; "but I remember,-and so must you, I think,-when your
manner was different, Rosa ; when it was not so -guarded, and was more
trustful."
        I am sure you are right," she returned ; " and so it is that bad habits
grow upon one ! Really ? Less guarded and more trustful? How can
I, imperceptibly, have changed, I wonder ! Well, that 's very odd ! I
must study to regain my former self."
    6 r I wish you would," said Mrs. Steerforth, with a smile.

    " Oh ! I really will, you know ! " she answered. " I will learn frankness

from-let me see-from James."
        YOUcannot learn frankness, Rosa," said Nrs. Steerforth, quickly-for
there was always some effect of sarcasm in what Rosa Dartle said, though
                                                                    X
