                        CHEAP EDITION
 Works of Mr. CHARLES DICEENS.
   Now Pwblishhg ir. Weekly Nwmbers, price Three halfpence ;and in Monthly Parts.
          The following works are completed in Single Volumes,
                       handsomely bound in cloth.
                                                                               s. d.
 PICKWICK PAPERS . .                            . .                .   Price 5      0
 NICHOLAS NICKLEBY . .                                             .   Price 5 0
 THE OLD CURIOSITY SHOP                           .                .   Price 4 0
 BARNABY RUDGE       . .           .                               .   Price 4 0
 OLIVER TWIST   . .                         . .                .   .   price 3 6


   PREFACE TO THE CHEAP EDITION OF OLIVER TWIST.
                                    CC_

    AT page 267 of this present edition of OLIVER       TWIST,there is a description
 of the "filthiest, the strangest, the most extraordinary, of the many localities
 that are hidden in London." And the name of this place is JACOB'S         ISLAND.
    Eleven or twelve years have elapsed, since the desdription was first published.
 I was as well convinced then, as I am now, that nothing effectual can be done
 for the elevation of the poor in England, until their dwelling-places are made
 decent and wholesome. I have always been convinced that this Reform must
 precede all other Social Reforms ; that i t must prepare the way for Education,
 even for Religion ; and that, without it, those classes of the people which increase
 the fastest, must become so desperate and be made so miserable, as to bear within
 themselves the certain seeds of ruin to the whole conln~unity.
    The metropolis (of all places under Heaven) being excluded from the pro-
 visions of the Public Health Act, passed last year, a society has been formed
 called the Metropolitan Sanitary Association, with the view of remedying this
 grievous mistake. The association held its first public meeting at Freemason's
Hall, on Wednesday, the sixth of February last : the Bishop of London presiding.
It happened that this very place, JACOB'S    ISLAND,  had lately attracted the atten-
tion of the Board of Health, in consequence of its having been ravaged by cholera;
and that the Bishop of London had in his hands the result of an inquiry under
the Metropolitan Sewers Commission, shewing, by way of proof of the cheapness
of sanitary improvements, an estimate of the probable cost at which the houses
in JACOB'S   ISLAND could be rendered fit for human habitation-which cost was
stated a t about a penny three farthings per week per house. The Bishop referred
to this paper, with the moderation and forbearance which pervaded all his obser-
vations, and did me the honour to mention that I had described JACOB'S        ISLAND.
When I subsequently made a few observations myself, I confessed that soft
impeachment.
   Now the vestry of Marylebone parish, meeting on the following Saturday,
had the honour to be addressed by SIR PETE^ LAURIE; a gentleman of infallible
