158           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     a But he could board somewhere else, I suppose ? " suggested my aunt.
    Mr. Wickfield thought I could. After a little discussion, he proposed
 to take my aunt to the school, that she might see it and judge for herself;
 also, to take her, with the same object, to two or three houses where he
 thought I could be boarded. My aunt embracing the proposal, we were
 all three going out together, when he stopped and said :
    " Our little friend here might have some motive, perhaps, for objecting
to the arrangements. I think we had better leave him behind ? "
    My aunt seemed disposed to contest the point ; but to facilitate matters
I said I would gladly remain behind, if they pleased; and returned into
Mr. Wickfield's office, where I sat down again, in the chair I had first
occupied, to await their return.
    I t so happened that this chair was opposite a narrow passage, which
ended in the little circular room where I had seen Uriah Heep's pale face
looking out of window. Uriah, having taken the pony to a neighbouring
stable, was at work at a desk in this room, which had a brass frame on the
top to hang papers upon, and on which the writing he was making a copy
of was then hanging. Though his face was towards me, I thought, for
some time, the writing being between us, that he could not see me ; but
looking that way more attentively, it made me uncomfortable to observe
that, every now and then, his sleepless eyes would come below the writing,
like two red suns, and stealthily stare at me for I dare say a whole minute
at a time, during which his pen went, or pretended to go, as cleverly as
ever. I made several attempts to get out of their way-such as standing
on a chair to look at a map on the other side of the room, and poring over
the columns of a Kentish newspaper-but they always attracted me back
 again ; and whenever I looked towards those two red suns, I was sure to
 find them, either just rising or just setting.
    At length, much to my relief, my aunt and Mr. Wickfield came back,
 after a pretty long absence. They were not so successful as I could have
 wished; for though the advantages of the school were undeniable, my aunt
had not approved of any of the boarding-houses proposed for me.
    " It's very unfortunate," said my aunt. " I don't know what to do,
Trot."
    " I t does happen unfortunately," said Mr. Wickfield. " But I '11 tell
you what you can do, Miss Trotwood."
    " What's that ? " inquired my aunt.
    "Leave your nephew here, for the present. He's a quiet fellow. He
won't disturb me at all. I t ' s a capital house for study. As quiet as a
monastery, and almost as roomy. Leave him here."
    My aunt evidently liked the offer, though she was delicate of accepting
it. So did I.
    " Come, Miss Trotwood," said Mr. Wickfield.       " This is the way out
of the difficulty. It's only a temporary arrangement, you know. If it
don't act well, or don't quite accord with our mutual convenience, he can
easily go to the right about. There will be time to find some better
place for him in the meanwhile. You had better determine to leave him
here for the present ! "
    "I am very much obliged to you," said my aunt; "and so is he, I
 see ; but-"
     " Come ! I know what you mean," cried Mr. Wickfield.       "You shall
