           3n One Large Volume, with Forty Original Designs, engraved on Wood,price 219.
                          THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF
              OLIVER                                     GOLDSMITH.
                                   A BIOGRAPHY:              IN FOUR BOOKS.
BOOK                                                            BOOK
  1. THE SIZAR,STUDENT,
                      TRAVELLER,   APOTHECARY'S                   3. ATITBORSHIPBY CHOICE.
       JOURNEYMAN,  USHLR, A N D POORPHYSILIAN.                   4. THE FRIENDO P JOHNSON, BURKE,A N D REY-
  2, AUTHORSHIP BY COMPULSION.                                         NOLDS : DRAMATIST,
                                                                                        NOVELIST,AND POET.
                                          BY JOKN FORSTEIT,
              Of the Inner Temple, Barrister, Author of " Lives of Statesmen of the Commonwealth."
  " A fitting, and we think, a permanent companion to the works of the author whose career it commemorates :-
a gentle hut a manly apology for the life, which it tracks through each patlietic transition of light and shadow:
written in that spirit of which Goldsmith himself would have approved-pleasing while it instructs us, mild
without tameness, earnest without acerbity."-Edinbwgh     Reuiezu.

                      Bradbury & Evans, 11, Bouverie Street ; and Chapman & Hall, 18G, Strand.


                      WORKS
                                                   --
                                          BY M R . G. A. A'BECKETT.
                                I n Two Volumes. handsomelv bound in cloth, price 21s.

       THE COMIC HISTORY               ILLUSTRATED B Y J O H N LEECH.
                                                                             OF ENGLAND.
      WITH TWO HUNDRED WOODCLWS, AND TWENTY LARGE COLOURED STEEL ENGRAVINGS.
"*,   T h e Design of this W o r k is t o blend amusement with instruction, b y furnishing t h e Facts of English
         History i n a highly-entertaining form without sacrificing t h e truth, which i t is hoped has rather
          gained than lost by t h e mode of treatinent that has been adopted.
      Mr. B Beckett deserves much credit apart from         through the stately introduction of a Clarendon, vvould
t h e great humour of his pages, for the fidelity with      not hesitate to accept the less dignified assistance of our
 which he has adhered to the facts of history: so that       Comic Historian. The artist has ably seconded the his-
whilstwe laugh, andlaugh heartily, we are insensibly im-    torian. The burlesque of Mr. Leech is peculiarly his
 bibing knowledge of a subject not always the most           own ; for, amid the incongruities in which he seems to
attractive to the general reader. W e dare assume that      revel, objects of beauty, and much evidenceof purpose,
many who would fear to seek an acquaintance with Clio       arealwaysdiscernable."                            Z'imes.
                                                       --
                                                       -

THE CO%IICBLACKSTONE,
            PART1.-TREATISE ON REAL PROPERTY.--2.ON PRIVATE
                                                         \ p r ~ 0 N ~AND
                                                                      3   THEIR REMEDIES.-
             3. ON PUBLIC  WRONGSAND THEIR REMEDIES.
                            ILLUSTRATED B Y GEORGE CRUIKSHANK. Price 5s.
                                                       _t_


THE QUIZZIOLOGY OF THE BRITISH DRAMA.
          COMPRISING STAGE PASSIONS, STAGE CHARACTERS, AND STAGE PLAYS.                                        Illustrated by
            J O H N LEECH. Price 2s.

 THE ALMANACK OF THE MONTH.
          Illustrated by RICHARD DOYLE.              Two Vols., price 7s.

                                 LONDON: PUNCH OFFICE, 85, FLEET STREET.

        TO FAMILIES AND BOOK SOCIETIES.                           This day is published, price zs., free b y post, 2s. 6d.,
        HURTON'S                    LIBRARY,                           HE SCIENCE OF LIFE; or,
  C      26. HOLLES-STREET,   CAVENDISH-SQUARE,
 t h e followine ueculiar advantages t o Subscribers :-
                                                            offers          HOW TO LIVE, AND WHAT TO LIVE F O R ;
                                                                            a m ~ l eRules for Diet. Reeimen. and Self
                                   than
              -   A



      A lower scale subscription            similar ~ ~ t ~ b l i ~~ ah n-a g e m e n t together
                                                                                        ;        with ~nstrnctions'forsecuring
          ments.                                                   perfect Health, Longevity, and that sterling state of
 2. The most                supply of NEW P U ~ L I C A - Happiness only attainable through the judicious
          TlONS in every department.                               observance of a well-regulated course of life. B y a
 3. Catalogue and Box provided gratis.                             PHYSICIAN.
 4. A weekly supply of NEW FRENCH and GERMAN                            London: KENT & RICHARDS,Paternoster-row.
          PUBLICATIONS.
 6. The exchange of Country Subscribers' Supplies
          within 24 hours of their receipt.
                           TERMS.
        The Year, 31.3s.; 41. 4s.; 5 1 . 5 s . ; o r 101.10s.
                                                                 T         HE DRAWING-ROOIM QUAD-
                                                                              RILLES, a s Duets for the Pianoforte, by
                                                                   WILLIAM THOROLDWOOD, price 4s. At t h e Balls
                                                                   and Parties of the Haut Ton, these Quadrilles are
     Gratis and post free, "HINTS t o SECRETARIES of               t h e favourites of the season.-Published by I. SIMP.
  READING SOCIETIES j" and Catalogue of Library                    SON, 266, REGENT-STREET,           and forwarded post-free
  Duplicates.                                                      on receipt of 48 postage stamps.
