                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           125
by our mutual consent, as he had every reason to think; for I said nothing,
though my resolution was now taken.
   I passed my evenings with Mr. and Mrs. Micawber, during the remain-
ing term of our residence under the same roof; and I think we became
fonder of one another as the time went on. On the last Sunday, they
invited me to dinner; and we had a loin of pork and apple sauce, and a
pudding. I had bought a spotted wooden horse over-night as a parting
gift to little Wilkins Micawber-that was the boy-and a doll for little
Emma. I had also bestowed a shilling on the Orfling, who was about
to be disbanded.
   We had a very pleasant day, though we were all in a tender state about
our approaching separation.
   " I shall never, Master Copperfield," said W s . Micawber, " revert to
the period when Mr. Micawber was in difficulties, without thinking of
you. Your conduct has always been of the most delicate and obliging
description. You have never been a lodger. You have been a friend.''
   "My dear," said Mr. Micawber; " Copperfield," for so he had been
accustomed to call me, of late, " has a heart to feel for the distresses of
his fellow creatures when they are behind a cloud, and a head to plan, and
a hand to-in        short, a general ability to dispose of such available pro-
perty as could be made away with."
   I expressed my sense of this commendation, and said I was very sorry
we were going to lose one another.
   " My dear young friend," said Mr. Micawber, " I am older than you ;

a man of some experience in life, and-and of some experience, in short,
in difficulties, generally speaking. At present, and until something turns
up (which I am, I may say, hourly expecting), I have nothing to bestow
but advice. Still my advice is so far worth taking, that-in short, that I
have never taken it myself, and am the "-here Mr. Micawber, who had
been beaming and smiling, all over his head and face, up to the present
moment, checked himself and frowned-" the miserable wretch you
behold."
   " My dear Micawber !" urged his wife.

   "I say," returned Mr. Micawber, quite forgetting himself, and smiling
again, "the miserable wretch you behold. My advice is, never do
to-morrow what you can do to-day. Procrastination is the thief of time.
Collar him !"
   "My poor papa's maxim," W s . Micawber observed.
   "My dear," said Mr. Micawber, "your papa was very well in his way,
and Heaven forbid that I should disparage him. Take him for all in all,
we ne'er shall-in short, make the acquaintance, probably, of anybody
else possessing, at his time of life, the same legs for gaiters, and able to
read the same description of print, without spectacles. But he applied
that maxim to our marriage, my dear; and that was so far prematurely
entered into, in consequence, that I never recovered the expence."
   Mr. Micawber looked aside at Mrs. Micawber, and added : " Not that I
am sorry for it. Quite the contrary, my love." After which, he was
grave for a minute or so.
   " My other piece of advice, Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, "you
know. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen nineteen
six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure
