180             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

flourish of the manuscript, or grave motion of his head; and Mr. Dick
listening, enchained by interest, with his poor wits calmly wandering God
knows where, upon the wings of hard words-I think of it as one of the
pleasantest things, in a quiet way, that I have ever seen. I feel as if they
might go walking to and fro for ever, and the world might somehow be
the better for it-as if a thousand things it makes a noise about, were not
one-half so good for it, or me.
   Agnes was one of Mr. Dick's friends, very soon ; and in often coming to
the house, he made acquaintance withuriah. The friendship between him-
self and me increased continually, and it was maintained on this odd footing :
that, while Mr. Dick came professedly to look after me as my guardian, he
always consulted me in any little matter of doubt that arose, and invariably
guided himself by my advice ; not only having a high respect for my native
 sagacity, but considering that I inherited a good deal from my aunt.
    OneThursday morning, when I was about to walk with Mr. Dick from the
hotel to the coach-office before going back to school (for we had an hour's
school beforebreakfast),ImetUriah in the street, who remindedme of the pro-
miseIhad made to taketeawith himself and his mother: adding, with awrithe,
"But Ididn't expect you to keep it,Master Copperfield, we're so very umble."
   I really had not yet been able to make up my mind whether I liked
Uriah or detested him; and I was very doubtful about it still, as I stood
looking him in the face in the street. But I felt it quite an affront to
be supposed proud, and said I only wanted to be asked.
   " Oh, if that's all, Master Copperfield," said Uriah, "and it really isn't
our umbleness that prevents you, will you come this evening? But if it
is our umbleness, I hope you won't mind owning to it, Master Copperfield;
for we are well aware of our condition."
   I said I would mention it to Mr. Wickfield, and if he approved, as I had no
doubt he would, I would come with pleasure. So, at six o'clock that evening,
which was one of the early office evenings, I announced myself as ready,
to Uriah.
   " Mother will be proud indeed," he said, as we walked away together.
"Or she would be proud, if it wasn't sinful, Master Copperfield."
   " Yet you didn't mind supposing I w a s proud this morning," I returned.
   " Oh dear no, Master Copperfield ! " returned Uriah. " Oh, believe me,
no ! Such a thought never came into my head ! I shouldn't have deemed
it at all proud if you had thought us too umble for you. Because we are
so very umble."
   "Have you been studying much law lately?" Iasked,to change the subject.
    " Oh, Master Copperfield," he said, with an air of self-denial, " my reading

is hardly to be called study. I have passed an hour or two in the evening,
sometimes, with Mr. Tidd."
    " Rather hard, I suppose ? " said I.

   " He is hard to me sometimes," returned Uriah. "But I don't know
what he might be, to a gifted person."
   After beating a little tune on his chin as we walked on, with the two
fore-fingers of his skeleton right hand, he added :
   " There are expressions, you see, Master Copperfield-Latin words and
terms-in Mr. Tidd, that are trying to a reader of my umble attainments."
   " Would you like to be taught Latin? " I said, briskly.        " I will teach
it you with pleasure, as I learn it."
