                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           4%
   I wondered what she was thinking about, as I glanced in admiring
silence at the little soft hand travelling up the row of buttons on my coat,
and at the clustering hair that lay against my breast, and at t,he lashes of
her downcast eyes, slightly rising as they followed her idle fingers. At
length her eyes were lifted up to mine, and she stood on tiptoe to give
me, more thoughtfully than usual, that precious little kiss-once, twice,
three times-and went out of the room.
   They all came back together within five minutes afterwards, and Dora's
unusual thoughtfulness was quite gone then. She was laughingly resolved
to put Jip through the whole of his performances, before the coach came.
They took some time (not so much on account of their variety, as Jip's
reluctance), and were still unfinished when it was heard at the door. There
was a hurried but affectionate parting between Agnes and herself; and
Dora was to write to Agnes (who was not to mind her letters being foolish,
she said), and Agnes was to write to Dora; and they had a second parting
at the coach-door, and a third when Dora, in spite of the remonstrances of
Miss Lavinia, would come running out once more to remind Agnes at the
coach-window about writing, and to shake her curls at me on the box.
    The stage-coach was to put us down near Covent Garden, where we
 mere to take another stage-coach for Highgate. I was impatient for the
 short walk in the interval, that Agnes might praise Dora to me. Ah!
 what praise it was ! How lovingly and fervently did it commend the
pretty creature I had won, with all her artless graces best displayed, to
my most gentle care ! I-Iow thoughtfully remind me, yet with 110 pretence
 of doing so, of the trust in which I held the orphan child !
    Never, never, had I loved Dora so deeply and truly, as I loved her that
night. When we had again alighted, and were walking in the starlight
along the quiet road that led to the Doctor's house, I told Agnes it was
her doing.
    "When you were sitting by her," said I, "you seemed to be no less
fzer guardian angel than mine ; and you seem so now, Agnes."
     " A poor angel," she returned, " but faithful."

    'Che clear tone of her voice, going straight to my heart, made it natural
 to me to say :
     "The cheerfulness that belongs to you, Agnes (and to no one else that
 ever I have seen), is so restored, 1 have observed to-day, that I have begun
 to hope you are happier at home ? "
     " I am happier in myself," she said ; " I am quite cheerful and light-

 hearted."
     I glanced at the serene face looking upward, and thought it was the
 stars that made it seem so noble.
     " There has been no change at home," said Agnes, after a few moments.
     " No fresh reference," said I, " to-I wouldn't distress you, Agnes, but
 I cannot help asking-to what we spoke of, when we parted last? "
     '' NO, none," she answered.
     "I have thought so much about it."
     " You must think less about it.    Remember that I confide in simple love
 and truth at last. Have no apprehensions for me, Trotwood," she added,
 after a moment; "the step you dread my taking, I shall never take."
    Although I think I had never really feared it, in any season of cool
                                                               B F
