                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            245
    My aunt finished eating the piece of toast on which she was then
 engaged, looking me full in the face all the while; and then setting her
 glass on the chimney-piece, and folding her hands upon her folded skirts,
 replied as follows :
     " Trot, my child, if I have any object in life, it is to provide for your
 being a good, a sensible, and a happy man. I am bent upon it-so is
 Dick. I should like some people that I know to hear Dick's conver-
 sation on the subject. Its sagacity is wonderful. But no one knows the
 resources of that man's intellect, except myself! "
     She stopped for a moment to take my hand between hers, and went on :
     " It's in vain, Trot, to recall the past, unless it works some influence
 upon the present. Perhaps I might have been better friends with your
 poor father. Perhaps I might have been better friends with that poor
 child your mother, even after your sister Betsey Trotwood disappointed
 me. When you came to me, a little runaway boy, all dusty and way-
worn, perhaps I thought so. From that time until now, Trot, you have
ever been a credit to me and a pride and pleasure. I have no other claim
upon my means ; at least " -here to my surprise she hesitated, and
was confused-" no, I have no other claim upon my means-and you are
my adopted child. Only be a loving child to me in my age, and bear
with my whims and fancies ; and you will do more for an old woman
whose prime of life was not so happy or conciliating as it might have
been, than ever that old woman did for you."
    I t was the first time I had heard my aunt refer to her past history.
There was a magnanimity in her quiet way of doing so, and of dismissing
it, which would have exalted her in my respect and affection, if any thing
could.
    " All is agreed and understood between us now, Trot," said my aunt,

 " and we need talk of this no more.      Give me a kiss, and we 1' 1 go to the
 Commons after breakfast to-morrow."
    We had a long chat by the fire before we went to bed. I slept in a
room on the same floor with my aunt's, and was a little disturbed in the
course of the night by her knocking at my door, as often as she was
agitated by a distant sound of hackney-coaches or market-carts, and inquir-
ing " if I heard the engines?" But towards morning she slept better,
and suffered me to do so too.
    At about mid-day, we set out for the offices of Messrs. Spenlow and
Jorkins in Doctors' Commons. My aunt, who had this other general
opinion in reference to London, that every man she saw was a pickpocket,
gave me her purse to carry for her, which had ten guineas in it and some
silver.
    We made a pause at the toy-shop in Fleet-street, to see the giants of
Saint Dunstan's strike upon the bells-we had timed our going, so as to
catch them at it, at twelve o'clock-and then went on towards Ludgate
Hill, and St. Paul's Churchyard. We were crossing to the former place,
when I found that my aunt greatly accelerated her speed, and looked
frightened. I observed, at the same time, that a lowering ill-dressed man
who had stopped and stared at us in passing, a little before, was coming
so close after us, as to brush against her.
   "Trot! My dear Trot !" cried my aunt, in a terrified whisper, and
pressing my arm. "I don't know what I am to do."
