T   H E peculiar feature of their Establishment is, that it is confined exclusively to
      the Manufacture of Bedding, and consequently they are enabled to keep the
largest stock and greatest variety of any House in London, including their
              FRENCH WOOL MATTRESSES,
Of which they were the Original Introducers : these Mattresses are made of the
finest material, quite equal to the best made in Paris. Also,
             GERMAN SPRING MATTRESSES.
  These HEAL and SON have succeeded in greatly improving, and are selling at a
much lower price than any other house, and can recommend one of them, with a
FRENCH MATTRESS on the top, as a permanently elastic, soft, and most
luxurious Bed.
  And also the PATENT CORK FIBRE                               MATTRESS.
FOR T H E PRESERVATION OF L I F E A T SEA.

                  THE EIDER DOWN QUILT
also, is to be seen only at their House. It is the warmest, the lightest, and the
most elegant covering ever introduced, suitable to the Bed, the Couch, or the
Carriage. All who have travelled on the Continent are aware that no covering
produces such extreme warmth with the same weight ; so that for Invalids they are
  perfect luxury. Their
                            BED FEATHERS
are also PURIFIED BY STEAM, W I T H PATENT MACHINERY, by which
the offensive properties of the quill are evaporated and carried off, without subjecting
the Feathers to the unpleasant smell of the stove, to which all Feathers dressed in
the ordinary way are liable.
   OLD FEATHER-BEDS re-dressed by this process are perfectly freed from all
impurities ; and, by expanding the Feathers, the bulk is greatly increased, and the
Bed consequently rendered much fuller and softer, a t 3d. per lb.
   OLD AND MOTHY MATTRESSES effectually cured and re-made.
   Every description of BLANKETS, QUILTS, and SHEETINGS.


      HEAL AND SON'S L I S T OF BEDDING.
   It contains full particulars of WEIGHTS, SIZES, and PRICES, of every
description of Bedding, and is so arranged that purchasers are enabled to judge of
the articles best suitable to make a comfortable Bed. Sent free by post on application
to their Factory,
                   196, (OPPOSITE THE                 CHAPEL,)
   TOTTENHAM COURT ROAD, LONDON.
