186            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

who is possessed of shaving materials." At this dreadful hint Mrs.
Micawber threw her arms round Mr. Micawber's neck and entreated him
to be calm. H e wept; but so far recovered, almost immediately, as to
ring the bell for the waiter, and bespeak a hot kidney pudding and a plate
of shrimps for breakfast in the morning.
   When I took my leave of them, they both pressed me so much to come
and dine before they went away, that I could not refuse. But, as I knew
I could not come next day, when I should have a good deal to prepare in the
evening, Mr. Micawber arranged that he would call at Doctor Strong's in
the course of the morning (having a presentiment that the remittance
would arrive by that post), and propose the day after, if it would suit me
better. Accordingly I was called out of school next forenoon, and found
Mr. Micawber in the parlor; who had called to say that the dinner would
take place as proposed. When I asked him if the remittance had come,
he pressed my hand and departed.
   As I was looking out of window that same evening, it surprised me, and
made me rather uneasy, to see Mr. Micawber and Uriah Heep walk past,
arm in arm : Uriah humbly sensible of the honor that was done him, and
Mr. Micawber taking a bland delight in extending his patronage to Uriah.
But I was still more surprised, when I went to the little hotel next day at
the appointed dinner hour, which was four o'clock, to find, from what Mr.
Micawber said, that he had gone home with Uriah, and had drunk brandy-
and-water at Mrs. Heep's.
   "And I'll tell you what, my dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber,
"your friend Heep is a young fellow who might be attorney-general. If
I had known that young man, at the period when my difficulties came to a
crisis, all I can say is, that I believe my creditors would have been a great
deal better managed than they were."
   I hardly understood how this could have been, seeing that Mr. Micawber
had paid them nothing at all as it was ; but I did not like to ask. Neither
did I like to say, that I hoped he had not been too communicative to Uriah ;
or to inquire if they had talked much about me, I was afraid of hurting
Mr. Micawber's feelings, or, at all events, Mrs. Micawber's, she being
very sensitive ; but I was uncomfortable about it, too, and often thought
about it afterwards.
   We had a beautiful little dinner. Quite an elegant dish of fish ; the
kidney-end of a loin of veal, roasted ; fried sausage-meat ; a partridge, and
a pudding. There was wine, and there was strong ale ; and after dinner
Mrs. Micawber made us a bowl of hot punch with her own hands.
   Mr. Micawber was uncommonly convivial. I never saw him such good
company. He made his face shine with the punch, so that it looked as if
it had been varnished all over. He got cheerfully sentimental about the
town, and proposed success to i t ; observing, that Mrs. Micawber and
himself had been made extremely snug and comfortable there, and that he
never should forget the agreeable hours they had passed in Canterbury.
He proposed me afterwards; and he, and Mrs. Micawber, and I, took a
review of our past acquaintance, in the course of which we sold the
property all over again. Then I proposed Mrs. Micawber ; or, at least,
said, modestly, "If you '11 allow me, Mrs. Micawber, I shall now have the
pleasure of drinking your health, ma'am." On which Mr. Micawber delivered
an eulogium on Mrs. Micawber's character, and said she had ever been his
