60            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERLENCE

abashed me, when I was ushered into it, that I hardly saw Mrs. Creakle
or Miss Creakle (who were both there, in the parlor), or anything but
Mr. Creakle, a stout gentleman with a bunch of watch-chain and seals, in
an arm-chair, with a tumbler and bottle beside him.
   "So ! " said Mr. Creakle. " This is the young gentleman whose teeth
are to be filed ! Turn him round."
   The wooden-legged man turned me about so as to exhibit the placard ;
and haying afforded time for a full survey of it, turned me about again,
with my face to Mr. Creakle, and posted himself at Mr. Creakle's side.
Mr. Creakle's face was fiery, and his eyes were small, and deep in his
head; he had thick veins in his forehead, a little nose, and a large chin.
H e was bald on the top of his head ; and had some thin wet-looking hair
that was just turning grey, brushed across each temple, so that the two
sides interlaced on his forehead. But the circumstance about him which
impressed me most, was, that he had no voice, but spoke in a whisper.
The exertion this cost him, or the consciousness of talking in that feeble
way, made his angry face so much more angry, and his thick veins so
much thicker, when he spoke, that I am not surprised, on looking back,
at this peculiarity striking me as his chief one.
   " Now, " said Mr. Creakle. " What's the report of this boy ? "
   " There's nothing against him yet, " returned the man with the wooden

leg. " There has been no opportunity. "
   I thought Mr. Creakle was disappointed. I thought Mrs. and Miss
Creakle (at whom I now glanced for the first time, and who were, both,
thin and quiet) were not disappointed.
   " Come here, sir ! " said Mr. Creakle, beckoning to me.

   " Come here ! " said the man with the wooden leg, repeating the
gesture.
   "I have the happiness of knowing your father-in-law," whispered
Mr. Creakle, taking me by the ear; " and a worthy man he is, and a
man of a strong character. He knows me, and I know him. Do you
know me ? Hey ? " said Mr. Creakle, pinching my ear with ferocious
playfulness.
   "Not yet, sir," I said, flinching with the pain.
   "Not yet ? Hey? " repeated Mr. Creakle. "But you will soon. Hey ? "
   " You will soon.     Hey ? " repeated the man with the wooden leg. I
afterwards found that he generally acted, with his strong voice, as
Mr. Creakle's interpreter to the boys.
   I was very much frightened, and said, I hoped so, if he pleased. I felt,
all this while, as if my ear were blazing ; he pinched it so hard.
   " I'll tell you what I am," whispered Mr. Creakle, letting it go at last,
with a screw at parting that brought the water into my eyes. "I 'm a
Tartar."
   " A Tartar," said the man with the wooden leg.
   " When I say I'll do a thing, I do it," said Mr. Creakle ; '&lt; and when
I say I will have a thing done, I will have it done."
   "-Will have a thing done, I will have it done," repeated the man
with the wooden leg.
   " I am a determined character," said Mr. Creakle. " That 's what I
 am. I do my duty. That's what I do My flesh and blood "-he
