                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

 softly raised her; and she stood, when she began to speak, leaning on him,
and looking down upon her husband-from whom she never turned her eyes.
    "All that has ever been in my mind, since I was married," she said
in a low, submissive, tender voice, " I will lay bare before you. I could
not live and have one reservation, knowing what I know now."
    "Nay, Annie," said the Doctor, mildly, " I have never doubted you,
my ch~ld. There is no need ; indeed there is no need, my dear."
    "There is great need," she answered, in the same way, " that I
should open my whole lieart before the soul of generosity and truth,
whom, year by year, and day by day, I have loved and venerated more
and more, as Heaven knows ! "
    " Really,"  interrupted Mrs. Markleham, " if I have any discretion
at all-"
    ("Which you haven't, you Marplot," observed my aunt, in an
indignant whisper.)
  -'I    I must be permitted to observe that it cannot be requisite to enter
into these details."
    "No one but my husband can judge of that, mama," said Annie,
without removing her eyes from his face, "and he will hear me. If I
say anything to give you pain, mama, forgive me. I have borne pain first,
often and long, myself."
    "Upon my word ! " gasped Mrs. Markleham.
    "When I was very young," said Annie, "quite a little child, my
first associations with knowledge of any kind were inseparable from a
patient friend and teacher-the friend of my dead father-who                   was
always dear to me. I can remember nothing that I know, without
remembering him. H e stored my mind with its first treasures, and
stamped his character upon them all. They never could have been, I
think, as good as they have been to me, if I had taken them from any
other hands."
    " Makes her mother nothing ! " exclaimed Mrs. Markleham.

    "Not so, mama," s a ~ dAnnie; "but I make him what he was. I
must do that. As I grew up, he occupied the same place still. I was
proud of his interest : deeply, fondly, gratefully attached to him. I looked
up to him I can hardly describe how-as a father, as a guide, as one
whose praise was different from all other praise, as one in whom I could
have trusted and confided, if I had doubted all the world. You know,
mama, how young and inexperienced I was, when you presented him
before me, of a sudden, as a lover."
    " I have mentioned the fact, fifty times at least, to everybody here ! "

said Mrs. Markleham.
    (" Then hold your tongue, for the Lord's sake, and don't mention it any
more ! " muttered my aunt).
    " It was so great a change: so great a loss, I felt it, at first," said Annie,

 still preserving the same look and tone, "that I was agitated and dis-
tressed. I was but a girl; and when so great a change came in the
 character in which I had so long looked up to him, I think I was sorry.
But nothing could have made him what he used to be again; and I was
proud that he should think me so worthy, and we were married."
    '&lt;-At Saint Alphage, Canterbury," observed Mrs. Markleham.
                                                               H H 2
