                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         607
some medium of communication; and a murmur went round the group,
as his door shut upon him, that he was a most respectable man, and a
beautiful case.
   "Xow, Twenty Seven," said Mr. Creakle, entering on a clear stage with
his man, "is there anything that any one can do for you? If so, men-
tion it."
     I would umbly ask, sir," returned Uriah, with a jerk of his malevolent
head, "for leave to write again to mother."
   " I t shall certainly be granted," said Mr. Creakle.

   "Thank you, sir! I am anxious about mother. I am afraid she ain't
safe."
   Somebody incautiously asked, what from? But there was a scandalised
whisper of " Hush ! "
   " Immortally safe, sir," returned Uriah, writhing in the direction of

the voice. " I should wish mother to be got into my state. I never
should have been got into my present state if I hadn't come here. I
wish mother had come here. I t would be better for everybody, if they
got took up, and was brought here."
   This sentiment gave unbounded satisfaction-greater satisfaction, 1
think, than anything that had passed yet.
   "Before I come here," said Uriah, stealing a look at us, as if he would
have blighted the outer world to which we belonged, if he could, " I was
given to follies ; bnt now I am sensible of my follies. There's a deal of
sin outside. There's a deal of sin in mother. There's nothing but sin
every where-except here."
   " You are quite changed ? " said Mr. Creakle.

   " Oh dear, yes, sir ! " cried this hopeful penitent.
   "You wouldn't relapse, if you were going out? " asked somebody else.
   " Oh de-ar no, sir ! "
   "Well ! " s a d Mr. Creakle, "this is very gratifying. You have
addressed Mr. Copperfield, Twenty Seven. Do you wish to say anything
further to him? "
   "You knew me, a long time before I came here and was changed, Mr.
Copperfield," said Uriah, looking at me; and a more villainous look I
never saw, even on his visage. "You knew me when, in spite of my
follies, I was umble among them that was proud, and meek among them
that was violent-you was violent to me yourself, Mr. Copperfield. Once,
you struck me a blow in the face, you know."
   General commiseration. Several indignant glances directed at me.
   "But I forgive you, Mr. Copperfield," said Uriah, making his forgiving
nature the subject of a most impious and awful parallel, which I shall not
record. " I forgive everybody. I t would ill become me to bear malice.
I freely forgive you, and I hope you '11 curb your passions in future. I
hope Mr. W. will repent, and Miss W., and all of that sinful lot. You 've
been visited with affliction, and I hope it may do you good; but you'd
better have come here. Mr. W. had better have come here, and Miss W.
too. The besl wish I could give you, Mr. Copperfield, and give all of you
gentlemen, is, that you could be took up and brought here. When I
think of my past follies, and my present state, I am sure it would be best
for you. I pity all who ain't brought here! "
