                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            51
uncomfortable coincidence, and enquired how it was done. His answer was
not cheering to my spirits, for it consisted of two dismal words, "With
whopping."
   The blowing of the coach-horn in the yard was a seasonable diversion,
which made me get up and hesitatingly enquire, in the mingled pride and
diffidence of having a purse (which I took out of my pocket), if there
were anything to pay.
   "There's a sheet of letter-paper," he returned. " Did you ever buy a
sheet of letter-paper ? "
   I could not remember that I ever had.
   "It 'S dear," he said, " on account of the duty. Threepence. That's
the way we're taxed in this country. There's nothing else, except the
waiter. Never mind the ink. I l o s e by that.''
   .'What should you-what should I-how much ought I to-what
would i t be right to pay the waiter, if you please? " I stammered, blushing.
   "If I hadn't a family, and that family hadn't the cowpock," said the
waiter, "I wouldn't take a sixpence. If I didn't support a aged pairint,
and a lovely sister,"-here the waiter was greatly agitated-" I wouldn't
take a farthing. If I had a good place, and was treated well here, I should
beg acceptance of a trifle, instead of taking of it. But I live on broken
wittles-and I sleep on the coals "-here the waiter burst into tears.
   I was very much concerned for his misfortunes, and felt that any recog-
nition short of ninepence would be mere brutality and hardness of heart.
Therefore I gave him one of my three bright shillings, which he received
with much humility and veneration, and spun up with his thumb, directly
afterwards, to try the goodness of.
   I t was a little disconcerting to me, to find, when I was being helped up
behind the coach, that I was supposed to have eaten all the dinner without
any assistance. I discovered this, from overhearing the lady in the bow-
window, say to the guard, "Take care of that child, George, or he 1' 1
burst ! " and from observing that the women-servants who were about the
place came out to look and giggle at me as a young phenomenon. My
unfortunate friend the waiter, who had quite recovered his spirits, did not
appear to be disturbed by this, but joined in the general admiration
without being at all confused. If I had any doubt of him, I suppose this
half-awakened it ; but I am inclined to believe that with the simple con-
fidence of a child, and the natural reliance of a child upon superior years
(qualities I am very sorry any children should prematurely change for
worldly wisdom), I had no serious mistrust of him on the whole,
even then.
   I felt it rather hard, I must own, to be made, without deserving it, the
subject of jokes between the coachman and guard as to the coach drawing
heavy behind, on account of my sitting there, and as to the greater expe-
diency of my travelling by waggon. The story of my supposed appetite
getting wind among the outside passengers, they were merry upon it
likewise ;and asked me whether I was going to be paid for, at school, as two
brothers or three, and whether I was contracted for, or went upon the
regular terms; with other pleasant questions. But the worst of it
was, that I knew I should be ashamed to eat anything, when an oppor-
tunity offered, and that, after a rather light dinner, I should remain hungry
                                      E 2
