614           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

the moon was shining ; A p e s with her quiet eyes raised up to i t ; I
following her glance. Long miles of road then opened out before my
mind; and, toihng on, I saw a ragged way-worn boy, forsaken and neglected,
who should come to call even the heart now beating against mine, his own.

   It was nearly dinner-time next day when we appeared before my aunt.
She was up in my study, Peggotty said: which it was her pride to keep
in readiness and order for me. We found her, in her spectacles, sitting by
the fire.
   " Goodness me ! " said my aunt, peering through the dusk, " who 'S
this you 're bringing home ? "
    " Agnes," said I.
   As nre had arranged to say nothing at first, my aunt was not a little dis-
comfited. She darted a hopeful glance at me, when I said " Agnes ;" but
seeing that I looked as usual, she took off her spectacles in despair, and
rubbed her nose with them.
    She greeted Agnes heartily, nevertheless ; and we were soon in the
lighted parlor down stairs, at dinner. My aunt put on her spectacles
twice or thrice, to take another look at me, but as often took them off
again, disappointed, and rubbed her nose with them. Much to the dis-
comfiture of Mr. Dick, who knew this to be a bad symptom,
    "By the by, aunt," said I, after dinner; " I have been speaking to
Agnes about what you told me."
    "Then, Trot," said my aunt, turning scarlet, "you did wrong, and
broke your promise."
    "You are not angry, aunt, I trust? I am sure you won't be, when
you learn that Agnes is not unhappy in any attachment."
    " Stuff and nonsense ! " said my aunt.

    As my aunt appeared to be annoyed, I thought the best way was to cut
her annoyance short. I took Agnes in my arm to the back of her chair,
and we both leaned over her. My aunt, with one clap of her hands, and
one look through her spectacles, immediately went into hysterics, for the
first and only time in all my knowledge of her.
   The hysterics called up Peggotty. The moment my aunt was restored,
she flew at Peggotty, and calling her a silly old creature, hugged her with
all her might. After that, she hugged Mr. Dick (who was highly honored,
but a good deal surprised) ; and after that, told them why. Then, we were
all happy together.
   I could not discover whether my aunt, in her last short conversation
with me, had fallen on a pions fraud, or had really mistaken the state of
my mind. It was quite enough, she said, that she had told me Agnes
was going to be married; and that I now knew better than any one how
true it was.

   We were married within a fortnight. Traddles and Sophy, and Doctor
and Mrs. Strong, were the only guests at our quiet wedding. We left
them full of joy; and drove away together. Clasped i n my embrace,
I held the source of every worthy aspiration I had ever had ; the centre
of myself, the circle of my life, my own, my wife; my love of whom was
founded on a rock !
