                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          551
 sum, but to keep it secretly for a rainy day. I wanted to see how you would
 come out of the trial, Trot ; and you came out nobly-persevering, self-
 reliant, self-denying ! So did Dick. Don't speak to me, for I find my
 nerves a little shaken ! "
    Nobody would have thought so, to see her sitting upright, with her
 arms folded ; but she had wonderful self-command.
    "Then I am delighted to say," cried Traddles, beaming with joy, "that
 we have recovered the whole money ! "
    "Don't congratulate me, anybody ! " exclaimed my aunt. " How so,
sir ? "
    " You believed it had been misappropriated by Mr. Wickfield? " saici

Traddles.
    " Of course I did," said my aunt, "and was therefore easily silenced.

Agnes, not a word ! "
    "And indeed," said Traddles, " i t was sold, by virtue of the power of
 management he held from you; but I needn't say by whom sold, or on
whose actual signature. It was afterwards pretended to Mr. Tlrickfield, by
that rascal,-and proved, too, by figures,-that he had possessed himself of
the money (on general instructions, he said) to keep other deficiencies and
difficulties from the light. Mr. Wickfield, being so weak and helpless in
his hands as to pay you, afterwards, several sums of interest on a pretended
principal which he knew did not exist, made himself, unhappily, a party
to the fraud."
    "And at last took the blame upon himself," added my aunt ; "and
wrote me a mad letter, charging himself with robbery, and wrong unheard
of. Upon which I paid him a visit early one morning, called for a candle,
burnt the letter, and told him if he ever could right me and himself, to do
it ; and if he couldn't, to keep his own counsel for his daughter's sake.-
If anybody speaks to me, I 1' 1 leave the house ! "
   TTe all remained quiet ; Agnes covering her face.
   " Well, my dear friend," said my aunt, after a pause, "and you have
really extorted the money back from him ? "
   " Why, the fact is," returned Traddles, " Mr. Micawber had so com-
pletely hemmed him in, and was always ready with so many new points
if an old one failed, that he could not escape from us. A most remark-
able circumstance is, that I really don't think he grasped this sum even
so much for the gratification of his avarice, which was inordinate, as in
the hatred he felt for Copperfield. He said so to me, plainly. He said
he would even have spent as much, to baulk or injure Copperfield."
   " H a ! " said my aunt, knitting her brows thoughtfully, and glancing at
Agnes. " And what's become of him? "
   " I don't know.      He left here," said Traddles, "with his mother, who
had been clamouring, and beseeching, and disclosing, the whole time.
They went away by one of the London night coaches, and I know
no more about him; except that his malevolence to me at parting
was audacious. He seemed to consider himself hardly less indebted
to me, than to Mr. Micawber ; wliich I consider (as I told him) quite a
compliment."
    " Do you suppose he has any money, Traddles ? " I asked.

   " Oh dear, yes, I should think so," he replied, shaking his head,
