450           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 and were unable to help ourselves. We should have been at her mercy,
if she had had any ; but she was a remorseless woman, and had none. She
 was the cause of our first little quarrel.
    "My dearest life," I said one day to Dora, "do you think Mary Anne
has any idea of time ? "
    "Why, Doady? " inquired Dora, looking up, innocently, from her
drawing.
      My love, because it's five, and we were to have dined at four."
   Dora glanced wistfully at the clock, and hinted that she thought it was
too fast.
   " On the contrary, my love," said I, referring to my watch, " it 's a few
minutes too slow."
   My little wife came and sat upon my knee, to coax me to be quiet,
and drew a line with her pencil down the middle of my nose; but I
couldn't dine off that, thongh it was very agreeable.
   "Don't you think, my dear," said I, " i t would be better for you to
remonstrate with Mary Anne ? "
   " Oh no, please ! I couldn't, Doady ! "said Dora.

   " Why not, my love ? " I gently asked.

   " Oh, because I am such a little goose," said Dora, " and she knows

I am!"
   I thought this sentiment so incompatible wit11 the establishment of any
system of check on Mary Anne, that I frowned a little.
   " Oh, what ugly wrinkles in my bad boy's forehead ! " said Dora, and
still being on my knee, she traced them with her pencil; putting it to her
rosy lips to make it mark blacker, and working at my forehead with a
quaint little mockery of being industrious, that quite delighted me in
spite of myself.
   " There 's a good child," said Dora, " it makes its face so much prettier

to laugh."
   " But, my love," said I.
   " No, no ! please ! " cried Dora, with a kiss, " don't be a naughty Blue
Beard ! Don't be serious !"
   " My precious wife," said I, " we must be serious sometimes.       Come !
Sit down on this chair, close beside me ! Give me the pencil ! There !
Now let us talk sensibly. You know, dear;" what a little hand it was to
hold, and what a tiny wedding-ring it was to see! "You know, my lore,
it is not exactly comfortable to have to go out without one's dinner.
Now, is it ? "
   " N-n-no      ! " replied Dora, faintly.
   " My love, how you tremble ! "

   "Because I KNOW you're going to scold me," exclaimed Dora, in a
piteous voice.
   " My sweet, I am only going to reason."
   " Oh, but reasoning is worse than scolding ! " exclaimed Dora, in
despair. " I didn't marry to be reasoned with. If you meant to reason
with such a poor little thing as I am, you ought to have told me so, you
cruel boy ! "
   I tried to pacify Dora, but she turned away her face, and shook her
curls from side to side, and said "You cruel, cruel boy ! " so many times,
