                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             67
the boys to stand by one another. H e suffered for this on several
occasions; and particularly once, when Steerforth laughed in church, and
the Beadle thought it was Traddles, and took him out. I see him now,
going away in custody, despised by the congregation. He never said who
was the real offender, though he smarted for it next day, and was
imprisoned so many hours that he came forth with a whole churchyard-full
of skeletons swarming all over his Latin Dictionary. But he had his
reward. Steerforth said there was nothing of the sneak in Traddles, and
we all felt that to be the highest praise. For my part, I could have gone
through a good deal (though I was much less brave than Traddles, and
nothing like so old) to have won such a recompense.
    To see Steerforth walk to church before us, am-in-arm with Miss
 Creakle, was one of the great sights of my life. I didn't think Miss
 Creakle equal to little Em'ly in point of beauty, and I didn't love her
 (I didn't dare) ; but I thought her a young lady of extraordinary attractions,
and in point of gentility not to be surpassed. When Steerforth, in white
trousers, carried her parasol for her, I felt proud to know him; and believed
that she could not choose but adore him with all her heart. Mr. Sharp
 and Mr. Mell were both notable personages in my eyes; but Steerforth
was to them what the sun was to two stars.
    Steerforth continued his protection of me, and proved a very usefid
friend; since nobody dared to annoy one whom he honored with his coun-
tenance. He couldn't-or        at all events, he didn't-defend me from Mr.
 Creakle, who was very severe with me ; but whenever I had been treated
worse than usual, he always told me that I wanted a little of his pluck, and
that he wouldn't have stood it himself; which I felt he intended for encou-
ragement, and considered to be very kind of him. There was one advau-
tage, and only one that I know of, in Mr. Creakle's severity. H e found
my placard in his way, when he came up or down behind the form on
 which I sat, and wanted to make a cut at me in passing; for this reason
it was soon taken off, and I saw it no more.
    An accidental circumstance cemented the intimacy between Steerforth
and me, in a manner that inspired me with great pride and satisfaction,
though it sometimes led to inconvenience. I t happened on one occasion,
when he was doing me the honor of talking to me in the playground,
that I hazarded the observation that something or somebody-I forget
what now-was like something or somebody in Peregrine Pickle. He
said nothing at the time; but when I was going to bed at night, asked me
if I had got that book.
   I told him no, and explained how it was that I had read it, and all
those other books of which I have made mention.
    "And do you recollect them ?" Steerforth said.
    Oh yes, I replied; I had a good memory, and I believed I recollected
them very well.
    "Then I tell you what, young Copperfield," said Steerforth, "you shall
tell 'em to me. I can't get to sleep very early at night, and I generally
wake rather early in the morning. We '11 go over 'em one after another.
We '11 make some regular Arabian Nights of it."
   I felt extremely flattered by this arrangement, and we commenced carry-
ing it into execution that very evening. What ravages I committed on
                                       F 2
