                         OF DAVID COPPEXFIELD.                           575
to the last ; and we left poor Mrs. illicarvber in a very distressed con-
dition, sobbing and weeping by a dim candle, that must have made the
room look, from the river, like a miserable light-house.
    I went down again next morning to see that they were away. They
had departed, in a boat, as early as five o'clock. I t was a wonderful
instance to me of the gap such partings make, that although my associa-
tion of them with the tumble-down public-honse and the wooden stairs
dated only from last night, both seemed dreary and deserted, now that they
were gone.
    I n the afternoon of the next day, my old nurse and I went down to
Gravesend. We found the ship in the river, surrounded by a crowd of
boats ; a favourable wind blowing; the signal for sailing at her mast
head. I hired a boat directly, and we put off to her; and getting
through the little vortex of confusion of which she was the centre, went
on board.
    Mr. Peggotty was waiting for us on deck. He told me that Mr. Mi-
cawber had just now been arrested again (and for the last time) at
the suit of Heep, and that, in compliance with a request I had made to
him, he had paid the money : which I repaid him. He then took 11s down
between decks; and there, any lingering fears I had of his having heard
any rumours of what had happened, were dispelled by Mr. Micawber's
coming out of the gloom, taking his arm with an air of friendship and
protection, and telling me that they had scarcely been asunder for a
moment, since the night before last.
    I t was such a strange scene to me, and so confined and dark, that, at
first, 1 could make out hardly anything; but, by degrees, it cleared, as my
 eyes became more accustomed to the gloom, and I seemed to stand in a
picture by OSTADE. Among the great beams, bulks, and ringbolts of
the ship, and the emigrant-berths, and chests, and bundles, and barrels,
and heaps of miscellaneous baggage-lighted up, here and there, by
dangling lanterns ; arid elsewhere by the yellow day-light straying down a
windsail or a hatchway-were crowded groups of people, making new
 friendships, taking leave of one another, talking, laughing, crying, eating
 and drinking ; some, already settled down into the possession of their few
 feet of space, with their little households arranged, and tiny children estab-
 lished on stools, or in dwarf elbow-chairs ; others, despairing of a resting-
 place, and wandering disconsolately. Prom babies who had but a week or
 two of life behind them, to crooked old men and women who seemed to
 have but a week or two of life before them; and from ploughmen bodily
 carrying out soil of England on their boots, to smiths taking away
 samples of its soot and smoke upon their skins; every age and occupation
 appeared to be crammed into the narrow compass of the 'tween decks.
    As my eye glanced round this place, I thought I saw sitting, by an open
 port, with one of the Micawber children near her, a figure like Emily's ;
 it first attracted my attention, by another figure parting from it with a
 kiss; and as it glided calmly away through the disorder, reminding me
 of-Agnes ! But in the rapid motion and confusion, and in the unsettle-
 ment of my own thoughts, I lost it again; and only knew that the time
 was come when all visitors were being warned to leave the ship; that
 my nurse tvas crying on a chest beside me; and that Mrs. Gummidge,
