                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          247
availed myself of the opportunity. The furniture of the room was old-
fashioned and dusty; and the green baize on the top of the writing-table
had lost all its color, and was as withered and pale as an old pauper.
There were a great many bundles of papers on it, some indorsed as Allega-
tions, and some (to my surprise) as Libels, and some as being in the
Consistory Court, and some in the Arches Court, and some in the Prero-
gativecourt, and some in the Admiralty Court, and some in the Delegates'
Court ; giving me occasion to wonder much, how many Courts there might
be in the gross, and how long it would take to understand them all.
Besides these, there were sundry immense manuscript Books of Evidence
taken on affidavit, strongly bound, and tied together in massive sets, a set
to each cause, as if every cause were a history in ten or twenty volumes.
All this looked tolerably expensive, I thought, and gave me an agreeable
notion of a proctor's business. I was casting my eyes with increasing
complacency over these and many similar objects, when hasty footsteps
were heard in the room outside, and Mr. Spenlow, in a black gown
trimmed with white fur, came hurrying in, taking off his hat as he came.
   H e was a little light-haired gentleman, with undeniable boots, and the
stiffest of white cravats and shirt-collars. He was buttoned up, mighty
trim and tight, and must have taken a great deal of pains with his
whiskers, which were accurately curled. His gold watch-chain was
so massive, that a fancy came across me, that he ought to have a sinewy
golden arm, to draw it out with, like those which are put up over the gold-
beaters' shops. H e was got up with such care, and was so stiff, that
he could hardly bend himself; being obliged, when he glanced at some
papers on his desk, after sitting down in his chair, to move his whole body,
from the bottom of his spine, like Punch.
    I had previously been presented by my aunt, and had been courteously
received. He now said :
    I' And so, Mr. Copperfield, you think of entering into our profession ?

I casually mentioned to Miss Trotwood, when I had the pleasure of
an interview with her the other day,"-with another inclination of his
body-Punch again-" that there was a vacancy here. Miss Trotwood
was good enough to mention that she had a nephew who was her peculiar
care, and for whom she was seeking to provide genteelly in life. That
nephew, I believe, I have now the pleasure of "-Punch again.
    I bowed my acknowledgments, and said, my aunt had mentioned to
me that there was that opening, and that I believed I should like it very
much. That I was strongly inclined to like it, and had taken imme-
diately to the proposal. That I could not absolutely pledge myself to like
it, until I knew something more about it. That although it was little else
than a matter of form, I presumed I should have an opportunity of trying
how I liked it, before I bound myself to it irrevocably.
    " Oh surely ! surely ! " said Mr. Spenlow. " We always, in this house,
propose a month-an initiatory month. I should be happy, myself, to
propose two months-three-an         indefinite period, in fact-but I have a
partner. Mr. Jorkins."
    'I And the premium, sir," I returned, " is a thousand pounds ?"

   &lt;' And the premium, Stamp included, is a thousand pounds," said
Mr. Spenlow. " As I have mentioned to Miss Trotwood, I am actuated
by no mercenary considerations; few men are less so, I believe; but
