290             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

ing since the former occasion. The "young gal " was re-engaged; but on
the stipulation that she should only bring in the dishes, and then withdraw
to the landing-place, beyond the outer door ; where a habit of sniffing she
had contracted would be lost upon the guests, and where her retiring on
the plates would be a physical impossibility.
    Having laid in the materials for a bowl of punch, to be compounded
by Mr. Micawber ; having provided a bottle of lavender-water, two
wax candles, a paper of mixed pins, and a pincushion, to assist Mrs.
Micawber in her toilette, at my dressing-table; having also caused the
fire in my bed-room to be lighted for Mrs. Micawber's convenience ; and
having laid the cloth with my own hands, I awaited the result with
composure.
   At the appointed time, my three visitors arrived together. Mr. Micaw-
ber with more shirt-collar than usual, and a new ribbon to his eye-glass ;
Mrs. Micawber with her cap in a whitey-brown paper parcel; Traddles
carrying the parcel, and supporting Mrs. Micawber on his arm. They
were all delighted with my residence. When I conducted Mrs. Micawber
to my dressing-table, and she saw the scale on which it was prepared for
her, she was in such raptures, that she called Mr. Micawber to come in
and look.
    " My dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, " this is luxurious. This
is a way of life which reminds me of the period when I was myself
in a state of celibacy, and Mrs. Micawber had not yet been solicited to
plight her faith at the Hymeneal altar."
    " He means, solicited by him, Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber

 archly. " He cannot answer for others."
    " My dear," returned Mr. Micawber with sudden seriousness, " I have
 no desire to answer for others. I am too well aware that when, in the
 inscrutable decrees of Fate, you were reserved for me, it is possible you
 may have been reserved for one, destined, after a protracted struggle, at
 length to fall a victim to pecuniary involvements of a complicated nature.
 I understand your allusion, my love. I regret it, but I can bear it."
    " Micawber !" exclaimed Mrs. Micawber, in tears. " Have I deserved
 this ! I, who never have deserted you; who never will desert you,
Micawber ! "
    "My love," said Mr. Micawber, much affected, " you will forgive, and
 our old and tried friend Copperfield will, I am sure, forgive, the momentary
laceration of a wounded spirit, made sensitive by a recent collision with
 the Minion of Power-in       other words, with a ribald Turncock attached
to the water-works-and will pity, not condemn, its excesses."
    Mr. Micawber then embraced Mrs. Micawber, and pressed my hand;
lea~ringme to infer from this broken allusion that his domestic supply
 of water had been cut off that afternoon, in consequence of default in the
payment of the company's rates.
    To divert his thoughts from this melancholy subject, I informed Mr.
 Micawber that I relied upon him for a bowl of punch, and led him to the
 lemons. Hi? recent despondency, not to say despair, was gone in a
 moment. I never saw a man so thoroughly enjoy himself amid the
 fragrance of lemon-peel and sugar, the odor of burning rum, and the
 steam of boiling water, as Mr. Micawber did that afternoon. I t was
