 6                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.


                    WORKS ON GARDENING AND BOTANY.
                                                 -
                                    This dag ispublished, neatly bound in cloth,

       HOW TO LAY OUT A SMALL GARDEN.
                                 INTENDED AS A GUIDE TO AMATEURS
I n Choosing, Forming, or Improving a Place, (from a Quarter of an Acre to Thirty Acres in extent,) with reference
                                         to both Design and Execution.
                                      BY      EDWARD                KEMP,
                                         Landscape Gardener, Birkenhead Park.
  " I t is with much satisfaction that we can point to a well-timed and excellent little work by Mr. Kemp, $.which is
collected with cam, and arranged with clearness, about everything that it is necessary to understand in dec~drngupon
the arrangement of garden ground."                                                 Gardener's Chrunicle, Oct. 26, 1850.


                                      Price 29., bound +Lcloth,for the pocket,

              THE HAND-BOOK OF GARDENING;
       Expressly intended for persons possessing, and fond of cultivating, a Garden of moderate size.
                               A New Edition, revised, and greatly enlarged.
                                            BY EDWARD KEMP.


                                   This day is published, price 2s. 6d., No. X . of

           PAXTON'S FLOWER-GARDEN*
                      EDITED BY JOSEPH PAXTON AND DR. LINDLEY.
              AND ILLUSTRATED B Y HIGHLY FINISHED PLATES AND WOODCUTS.
                                 Numbers I. to IX. may be procured of any Bookseller.



              T H E VEGETABLE KINGDOM;
                 OR, T H E STRUCTURE, CLASSIFICATION, AND USES O F PLANTS.
                                      Illustrated upon the Natural System.
                            Second Edition, with Additional Genera. Price 30s. cloth.



              T H E E L E M E N T S O F BOTANY,
        STRUCTURAL, AND PHYSIOLOGICAL, W I T H A COPIOUS GLOSSARY O F TERMS-
                                     B f t h Edition. 8vo. Price 12s. cloth.
                               N.B.-The Glossary may be had separately, price 5s.



                                SCICOOL B O T A N Y ;
                          OR, T H E RUDIMENTS O F BOTANICAL SCIENCE.
                                        Price 5s. 6d. half-bound.



     MEDICAL AND (ECONOMICAL BOTANY;
                   Completing the Elements of Botany, Structural, Physiological, and Medical.
                                             Svo. Price 14s. cloth.

                     LONDON: BRADBURY AND EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.
