                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            395
and shutting up both his eyes as he shook his head: " if you had been in
the Commons as long as I have, you would know that there is no subject
on which men are so inconsistent, and so little to be trusted."
   " Why, bless my soul, he made that very remark!" I replied persistently.
   " I should call that almost final," observed Tiffey. "My opinion is-
no will."
   I t appeared a wonderful thing to me, but it turned out that there was
no will. He had never so much as thought of making one, so far as his
papers afforded any evidence; for there was no kind of hint, sketch, or
memorandum, of any testamentary intention whatever. What was scarcely
less astonishing to me, was, that his affairs were in a most disordered
state. I t was extremely difficult, I heard, to make out what he owed, or
what he had paid, or of what he died possessed. I t was considered likely
that for years he could have had no clear opinion on these subjects himself.
By little and little it came out, that, in the competition on all points of
appearance and gentility then running high in the Commons, he had
spent more than his professional income, which was not a very large one,
and had reduced his private means, if they ever had been great (which was
exceedingly doubtful), to a very low ebb indeed. There was a sale of the
furniture and lease, at Norwood; and Tiffey told me, little thinking how
interested I was in the story, that, paying all the just debts of the deceased,
and deducting his share of outstanding bad and doubtful debts due to the
firm, he wouldn't give a thousand pounds for all the assets remaining.
   This was at the expiration of about six weeks. I had suffered tortures
all the time; and thought I really must have laid violent hands upon
myself, when Miss Mills still reported to me, that my broken-hearted little
Dora would say nothing, when I was mentioned, but "Oh, poor papa ! Oh,
dear papa !" Also, that she had no other relations than two aunts, maiden
sisters of Mr. Spenlow, who lived at Putney, and who had not held any
other than chance communication with their brother for many years.
Not that they had ever quarrelled (Miss Mills informed me); but that
having been, on the occasion of Dora's christening, invited to tea, when
they considered themselves privileged to be invited to dinner, they had
expressed their opinion in writing, that it was "better for the happiness
of all parties" that they should stay away. Since which they had gone
their road, and their brother had gone his.
   These two ladies now emerged from their retirement, and proposed to
take Dora to live at Putney. Dora, clinging to them both, and weeping,
exclaimed, " O yes, aunts ! Please take Julia &Iills and me and Jip to
Putney ! " So they went, very soon after the funeral.
   How I found time to haunt Putney, I am sure I don't know; but I
contrived, by some means or other, to prowl about the neighbourhood
pretty often. Miss Mills, for the more exact discharge of the duties of
friendship, kept a journal; and she used to meet me sometimes, on the
Common, and read it, or (if she had not time to do that) lend it to me.
How I treasured up the entries, of which I subjoin a sample !
   "Monday. My sweet D. still much depressed. Headache. Called
attention to J. as being beautifully sleek. D. fondled J. Associations
thus awakened, opened floodgates of sorrow. Rush of grief admitted.
(Are tears the dewdrops of the heart? J. M.)
