                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                             CHAPTER IV.
                         I FALL INTO DISGRACE.

      IFthe room to which my bed was removed, were a sentient thing that
 could give evidence, I might appeal to it at this day-who sleeps there
 now, I wonder !-to bear witness for me what a heavy heart I carried to
 it. I went up there, hearing the dog in the yard bark after me all the
 way while I climbed the stairs ; and, looking as blank and strange upon the
 room as the room looked upon me, sat down with my small hands crossed,
 and thought.
     I thought of the oddest things. Of the shape of the room, of the cracks
 in the ceiling, of the paper on the wall, of the flaws in the window-glass
 making ripples and dimples on the prospect, of the washing-stand being
 ricketty on its three legs, and having a discontented something about it,
 which reminded me of Mrs. Gummidge under the influence of the old one.
 I was crying all the time, but, except that I was conscious of being cold
 and dejected, I am sure I never thought why I cried. At last in my
 desolation I began to consider that I was dreadfully in love with little
 Em'ly, and had been torn away from her to come here where no one
 seemed to want me, or to care about me, half as much as she did. This
 made such a very miserable piece of business of it, that I rolled myself up
in a corner of the counterpane, and cried myself to sleep.
     I was awoke by somebody saying " Here he is ! " and uncovering my
hot head. My mother and Peggotty had come to look for me, and it was
one of them who had done it.
     uDavy,'y said my mother. "What 's the matter? "
     I thought it very strange that she should ask me, and answered,
 " Nothing." I turned over on my face, I recollect, to hide my trembling
lip, which answered her with greater truth.
     "Davy," said my mother. "Davy, my child !"
     I dare say no words she could have uttered, would have affected me so
much, then, as her calling me her child. I hid my tears in the bedclothes,
and pressed her from me with my hand, when she would have raised
me up.
     "This is your doing, Peggotty, you cruel thing!" said my mother.
"1 have no doubt at all about it. How can you reconcile it to your
conscience, I wonder, to prejudice my own boy against me, or against
anybody who is dear to me? What do you mean by it, Peggotty ? "
    Poor Peggotty lifted up her hands and eyes, and only answered, in a
sort of paraphrase of the grace I usually repeated after dinner, "Lord
forgive you, Mrs. Copperfield, and for what you have said this minute,
may you never be truly sorry !"
    '&lt; It 's enough to distract me," cried my mother. " In my honeymoon,
too, when my most inveterate enemy might relent, one would think, and
not envy me a little peace of mind and happiness. Davy, you naughty
boy ! Peggotty, you savage creature ! Oh, dear me !" cried my mother,
                                                              D
