                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            351
cordially said she had knowed well as Mr. Copperfull would have his
heart in his mouth, when he see his dear relations.
       Halloa! " said my aunt to Peggotty, who quailed before her awful
presence. " How are yozc ? "
    " You remember my aunt, Peggotty ? " said I.
    "For the love of goodness, child," exclaimed my aunt, "don't call the
woman by that South Sea Island name ! If she married and got rid of it,
which was the best thing she could do, why don't you give her the benefit
of the change ? What's your name now,-P ? " said my aunt, as a
compromise for the obnoxious appellation,
    '&lt; Barkis, ma'am," said Peggotty, with a curtsey.
    'rWell ! that's human," said my aunt. " I t sounds less as if you
wanted a Missionary. How d' ye do, Barkis ? I hope you're well?"
    Encouraged by these gracious words, and by my aunt's extending her
hand, Barkis came forward, and took the hand, and curtseyed her acknow-
ledgments.
     " We are older than we were, I see," said my aunt. " We have only
met each other once before, you know. A nice business we made of it
then ! Trot. mv dear. another CUD."
     I handed i t iutifuily to my aunt, who was in her usual inflexible state
of figure; and ventured a remonstrance with her on the subject of her
 sitting on a box.
       Let me draw the sofa here, or the easy chair, aunt," said I. " Why
should you be so uncomfortable ? "
     " Thank you, Trot," replied my aunt, " I prefer to sit upon my pro-
perty." Here my aunt looked hard at Mrs. Crupp, and observed, " We
needn't trouble you to wait, ma'am."
     " Shall I put a little more tea in the pot afore I go, ma'am? " said
Mrs. Crupp.
     " No, I thank you, ma'am," replied my aunt.
     " Would you let me fetch another pat of butter, ma'am? "said

Mrs. Crupp. " Or would you be persuaded to try a new-laid hegg? or
should I brile a rasher ? Ain't there nothing I could do for your dear
aunt, Mr. Copperfull ? "
     " Nothing, ma'am,"     returned my aunt. "I shall do very well, I
thank you."
     Mrs. Crupp, who had been incessantly smiling to express sweet temper,
and incessantly holding her head on one side, to express a general feeble-
ness of constitution, and incessantly rubbing her hands, to express a desire
to be of service to all deserving objects, gradually smiled herself, one-sided
herself, and rubbed herself, out of the room.
     " Dick ! " said my aunt.     " You know what I told you about tirne-
servers and wealth-worshippers ? "
    Mr. Dick-with rather a scared look, as if he had forgotten it-returned
a hasty answer in the affirmative.
     " Mrs. Crupp is one of them," said my aunt. " Barkis, I'll trouble
you to look after the tea, and let me have another cup, for I don't fancy
 that woman's pouring-out ! "
     I knew my aunt sufficiently well to know that she had something of
importance on her mind, and that there was far more matter in this
