7'4           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

for our cause ; and that he had conferred a great boon upon us by unselfishly
doing it.
    But I must say that when I was going on with a story in the dark that
night, Mr. Mell's old flute seemed more than once to sound mournfully in
my ears; and that when at last Steerforth was tired, and I lay down in
my bed, I fancied it playing so sorrowfully somewhere, that I was quite
wretched.
    I soon forgot him in the contemplation of Steerforth, who, in an easy
amateur way, and without any book (he seemed to me to know everything
by heart), took some of his classes until a new master was found. The
new master came from a grammar-school ; and before he entered on his
duties, dined in the parlor one day to be introduced to Steerforth.
Steerforth approved of him highly, and told us he was a Brick.
Without exactly understanding what learned distinction was meant by
this, I respected him greatly for it, and had no doubt whatever of his
superior knowledge: though he never took the pains with me-not
that I was anybody-that Mr. Me11 had taken.
    There was only one other event in this half-year, out of the daily
school-life, that made an impression on me which still survives. I t sur-
vives for many reasons.
    One afternoon, when we were all harassed into a state of dire confusion,
and Mr. Creakle was laying about him dreadfully, Tungay came in, and
 called out in his usual strong way : " Visitors for Copperfield ! "
    A few words were interchanged between him and Mr. Creakle, as,
who the visitors were, and what room they were to be shown into ; and
then I, who had, according to custom, stood up on the announcement
being made, and felt quite faint with astonishment, was told to go by the
back stairs and get a clean frill on, before I repaired to the dining-room.
These orders I obeyed, in such a flutter and hurry of my young spirits as
I had never known before; and when I got to the parlor-door, and the
thought came into my head that it might be my mother-I had only
thought of Mr. or Miss Murdstone until then-I drew back my hand from
the lock, and stopped to have a sob before I went in.
    At first I saw nobody; but feeling a pressure against the door, I looked
 round it, and there, to my amazement, were Mr. Peggotty and Ham,
 ducking at me with their hats, and squeezing one another against the
 wall. I could not help laughing; but it was much more in the pleasure
 of seeing them, than at the appearance they made. We shook hands in
 a very cordial way ; and I laughed and laughed, until I pulled out my
pocket-handkerchief and wiped my eyes.
    Mr. Peggotty (who never shut his mouth once, I remember, during the
 visit) showed great concern when he saw me do this, and nudged Ham to
 say something.
    " Cheer up, Mas'r Davy boy!" said Ham, in his simpering way.

 "Why, how you have growed!"
    "Am I grown?" I said, drying my eyes. I was not crying at
 anything particular that I know of; but somehow it made me cry to see
 old friends.
     " Growed, Mas'r Davy bo' ?    Ain't he growed !" said Ham.
     " Ain't he growed !" said Mr. Peggotty.
