 8                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                 .-




              NUMBER ONE, ST. PAUL'S CHURCHYARD, LONDON.

     D A K l N ' S ROYAL PATENT COFFEE,
                    ROASTED I N SILVER CYLINDERS.
DAKIN & COMPY., being Patentees of the invention and machinery for Roasting Coffee in Silver, whereby
the action of the pyroligneous and other vegetableacids upon a n iron cylinder, and the consequent reaction of
the acetates of iron upon the Coffee are prevented, and being also Patentees of t h e apparatus for preserving
Coffee during the roasting from the sulphurous and noxious vapours of the fire have learned with much
regret, that it is the intention of the principals of some establishments to pack i n d sell their iron roasted
Coffee in glass bottles on a similar principle t o that adopted by DAKIN & COMPY., for the supplying of their
ROYAL PATENT COFFEE, ROASTED in SILVER CYLINDERS. DAKIN & COMPY. respectfully beg the
attention of the Public to the fact that their name and the contents Of the bottles supplied by them are raised
on the glass, and that the bottles are corked down air-tight and sealed with the Royal Arms in addition t o
which are raised on the seal the words "Dakin's Royal Patent Coffee," and the price of the ;hole-namely,
the Coffee and bottle, a s
                             " as.   6d."       "3s."       " 3s.   6d."      "46."
  The prices of the magnum bottles, containing two pounds of " Dakin's Royal Patent Coffee " are 2 ~ . 6 d . ,zs.,
3s.6d., or 4s. each, and of the one pound bottles, 18.4d., Is. Ed., o r 2s. each, according t o quali{y.
  A Prospectus, fully detailing the nature and particulars of the invention, may be had, or will be forwarded
gratis on application t o DAKIN & COMPY.,or to any of their agents.

                     DAKIN & COMPY., Patentees,
                Number One, St. Paul's Churchyard, London.
--
     THE        INVISIBLE V E N T I L A T I N G                            HEADS OF               HAIR.
                                 ROSS & SON'S METHOD O F MEASURING
                                              THE HEAD.
                                 --
                                 The Round of the Head    ....
                                 From Ear t o Ear .......... _____I_____
                                 From Forehead to Poll.. ...

                                  These inimitable works of art, for both Ladies and
                                 Gentlemen, from One Guinea-and-a-half upwards.
                                    THE ATRAPILATORY, OR LIQUID HAIR DYE,
                                  the only Dye that really answers for all colours.
                                  Ross & SONScan recommend the above Dye a s
                                  infallible.
   BOTANIC WATER AND BEAR'S CREASE. When the Hair is becoming thin, and falling off, the only
effectual remedy is the use of the above named articles, applied alternately ; the Botanic Water t o cleanse
and stimulate, and the Bear's Grease t o nourish it.
  THE NEW TOOTH-PICK TOOTH-BRUSH, thoroughly cleansing between t h e Teeth when used up and
down, and polishing the surface when used crossways, t h e hair warranted never t o come out. In four
strengths, viz., No. 1, hard : No. 2, less hard ; No. 3, medium ; No. 4, soft.
  THE DOUBLE ANTI-PRESSURE NAILBRUSH; THE TRIPLE HAIRBRUSH; THEMEDIUM SHAVING
BRUSH; THE "RENOVATOR" CLOTHES BRUSH. These articles being the illventions of Ross & SONS,
the public are requested to observe their names stamped on each.
   If you wish to avoid all the torture "which Shaving has entailed upon your chins," try ROSS & SON'S
RAILWAY STROP AND RAZOR, and if Travellers, supply yourselves with the ROSSIAN DRESSING CASE,
which contains the largest number of conveniences in the smallest compass.

       Address, ROSS & SONS, 119 and 120 Bishopsgate Street, London.


     TRBLOAR'S COCOA-HUT FIBBE WAREHOUSE,
                                            42, LUDGATE HILL.
  The articles made from COCOA-NUT FIBRE consist of Matting, Hearth-rugs, Door-mats, Mattresses,
Cushions, Hassocks, Netting for sheep folds, Clothes.lines, Cordage, Scrubbing Brushes, and Brushes for
stable use. To ensure good quality a t the lowest prices, apply dlrect t o the Manufacturer, T. TRRLOAR,
42, Ludgate Hill.
