              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   Peggotty was not slow to respond, and ratified the treaty of friendship
by giving me one of her best hugs. I think I had some glimpses of the
real character of this conversation at the time ; but I am sure, now, that
the good creature originated it, and took her part in it, merely that my
mother might comfort herself with the little contradictory summary in
which she had indulged. The design was efficacious ; for I remember that
my mother seemed more at ease during the rest of the evening, and that
Peggotty observed her less.
   When we had had our tea, and the ashes were thrown up, and the
candles snuffed, I read Peggotty a chapter out of the Crocodile Book, in
remembrance of old times-she took it out of her pocket : I don't know
whether she had kept it there ever since-and then we talked about Salem
House, which brought me round again to Steerforth, who was my great
subject. We were very happy; and that evening, as the last of its race,
and destined evermore to close that volume of my life, will never pass out
of my memory.
   I t was almost ten o'clock before we heard the sound of wheels. We
all got up then; and my mother said hurriedly that, as it was so late, and
Mr. and Miss Murdstone approved of early hours for young people, per-
haps I had better go to bed. I kissed her, and went up-stairs with my
candle directly, before they came in. I t appeared to my childish fancy, as
I ascended to the bedroom where I had been imprisoned, that they brought
a cold blast of air into the house which blew away the old familiar feeling
like a feather.
    I felt uncomfortable about going down to breakfast in the morning, as
I had never set eyes on Mr. Murdstone since the day when I committed
my memorable offence. However, as i t must be done, I went down, after
two or three false starts half-way, and as many runs back on tiptoe to my
 own room, and presented myself in the parlor.
    He was standing before the fire with his back to it, while Miss Murd-
 stone made the tea. He looked at me steadily as I entered, but made no
 sign of recognition whatever.
    I went up to him, after a moment of confusion, and said : " I beg your
pardon, sir. I am very sorry for what I did, and I hope you will
forgive me."
    " I am glad to hear you are sorry, David," he replied.

    The hand he gave me was the hand I had bitten. I could not restrain
my eye from resting for an instant on a red spot upon it ; but it was not
so red as I turned, when I met that sinister expression in his face.
    "How do you do, ma'am," I said to Miss Murdstone.
    " Ah, dear me ! " sighed Miss Murdstone, giving me the tea-caddy
 scoop instead of her fingers. " How long are the holidays? "
    " A month, ma'am."

    " Counting from when? "
    ''From to-day, ma'am."
    " Oh ! " said Miss Murdstone.       "Then here's one day off."
    She kept a calendar of the holidays in this way, and every morning
 checked a day off in exactly the same manner. She did it gloomily until
 she came to ten, but when she got into two figures she became more
 hopeful, and, as the time advanced, even jocular.
    I t was on this very f i s t day that I had the misfortune to throw her,
