              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

expiation for his share in that rotten old ecclesiastical cheese. Although I
left the ofice at half-past three, and was prowling about the place of
appointment within a few minutes afterwards, the appointed time was
exceeded by a full quarter of an hour, according to the clock of St.
Andrew's, Holborn, before I could muster up sufficient desperation to pull
the private bell-handle let into the left-hand door-post of Mr. Waterbrook's
house.
   The professional business of Mr. Waterbrook's establishment was done
on the ground-floor, and the genteel business (of which there was a
good deal) in the upper part of the building. I was shown into a pretty
but rather close drawing-room, and there sat Agnes, netting a purse.
   She looked so quiet and good, and reminded me so strongly of my
airy fresh school days at Canterbury, and the sodden, smoky, stupid
wretch I had been the other night, that, nobody being by, I yielded to
my self-reproach and shame, and-in short, made a fool of myself. I
cannot deny that I shed tears. To this hour I am undecided whether it
was upon the whole the wisest thing I could have done, or the most
ridiculous.
   "If it had been any one but you, Agnes," said I, turning away my
head, " I should not have minded it half so much. But that it should
have been you who saw me ! I almost wish I had been dead, first."
   She put her hand-its touch was like no other hand-upon my arm
for a moment; and I felt so befriended and comforted, that I could not
help moving it to my lips, and gratefully kissing it.
   " Sit down," said Agnes, cheerfully.      "Don't be unhappy, Trotwood.
If you cannot confidently trust me, whom will you trust ? "
   " Ah, Agnes ! " I returned.     "You are my good Angel ! "
   She smiled rather sadly, I thought, and shook her head.
   " Yes, Agnes, my good Angel !       Always my good Angel ! "
   " If I were, indeed, Trotwood," she returned, " there is one thing
that I should set my heart on very much."
   I looked at her inquiringly ; but already with a foreknowledge of her
meaning.
   " On warning you," said Agnes, with a steady glance, "against your
bacl Angel."
   "My dear Agnes," I began, " if you mean Steerforth-"
    " I do, Trotwood," she returned.
    "Then, Agnes, you wrong him very much. H e my bad Angel, or any-
one's ! He, anything but a guide, a support, and a friend to me ! My
 dear Agnes ! Now, is it not unjust, and unlike you, to judge him from
what you saw of me the other night ? "
    " I do not judge him from what I saw of you the other night," she

 quietly replied.
    " From what, then? "

    "From many things-trifles in themselves, but they do not seem to
 me to be so, when they are put together. I judge him, partly from
 your account of him, Trotwood, and your character, and the influence he
 has over you."
    There was always something in her modest voice that seemed to touch
 a chord within me, answering to that sound alone. I t was always
 earnest; but when it was very earnest, as it was now, there was a thrill
