                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           83
     " I know what you mean, you cross thing," said my mother.             "I
 understand you, Peggotty, perfectly. You know I do, and I wonder you
 don't color up like fire. But one point at a time. Miss Murdstone is
 the point now, Peggotty, and you sha'n't escape from it. Haven't you
 heard her say, over and over again, that she thinks I am too thoughtless
 and too-a-a-"
     " Pretty," suggested Peggotty.
     "Well," returned my mother, half laughing, "and if she is so silly as to
 say so, can I be blamed for it ? "
     '&lt; No one says you can," said Peggotty.
      " No, I should hope not, indeed ! " returned my mother. " Haven't
  you heard her say, over and over again, that on this account she wishes to
  spare me a great deal of trouble, which she thinks I am not suited for, and
 which I really don't know myself that I am suited for; and isn't she up
 early and late, and going to and fro continually-and doesn't she do all
 sorts of things, and grope into all sorts of places, coal-holes and pantries
 and I don't know where, that can't be very agreeable-and do you mean
 to insinuate that there is not a sort of devotion in that ? "
      " I don't insinuate at all," said Peggotty.
      " You do, Peggotty," returned my mother. " You never do anything
  else, except your work. You are always insinuating. You revel in it.
 And when you talk of &b.Murdstone's good intentions-"
     " I never talked of 'em," said Peggotty.
     " No, Peggotty," returned my mother, " but you insinuated. That's
 what I told you just now. That's the worst of you. You will insinuate.
 I said, at the moment, that I understood you, and you see I did. When
 you talk of Mr. Murdstone's good intentions, and pretend to slight them
 (for I don't believe you really do, in your heart, Peggotty), you must be as
 well convinced as I am how good they are, and how they actuate him in
 everything. If he seems to have been at all stern with a certain person,
 Peggotty-you understand, and so I am sure does Davy, that I am not
 alluding to any body present-it is solely because he is satisfied that it
 is for a certain person's benefit. He naturally loves a certain person, on
my account ;and acts solely for a certain person's good. He is better able
 to judge of it than I am; for I very well know that I am a weak, light,
 girlish creature, and that he is a firm, grave, serious man. And he takes,"
 said my mother, with the tears which were engendered in her affectionate
 nature, stealing down her face, " he takes great pains with me ;and I
 ought to be very thankful to him, and very submissive to him even in my
thoughts ; and when I am not, Peggotty, I worry and condemn myself,
 and feel doubtful of my own heart, and don't know what to do."
     Peggotty sat with her chin on the foot of the stocking, looking silently
at the fire.
     " There, Peggotty,"   said my mother, changing her tone, " don't let us
fall out with one another, for I couldn't bear it. You are my true friend,
I know, if I have any in the world. When I call you a ridiculous
creature, or a vexatious thing, or anything of that sort, Peggotty, I only
mean that you are my true friend, and always have been, ever since the night
when Mr. Copperfield first brought me home here, and you came out to
the gate to meet me."
                                    *2
