332           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

will, with the means that my love has secured to him ! Does he think to
reduce me by long absence ? H e knows his mother very little if he does.
Let him put away his whim now, and he is welcome back. Let him not
put her away now, and he never shall come near me, living or dying,
while I can raise my hand to make a sign against it, unless, being rid of
her for ever, he comes humbly to me and begs for my forgiveness. This
is my right. This is the acknowledgment I will have. This is the sepa-
ration that there is between us ! And is this," she added, looking at her
visitor with the proud intolerant air with which she had begun, " no
injury ? "
   While I heard and saw the mother as she said these words, I seemed to
hear and see the son, defying them. All that I had ever seen in him of
an unyielding, wilful spirit, I saw in her. 811 the understanding that I
had now of his misdirected energy, became an understanding of her
character too, and a perception that it was, in its strongest springs, the
same.
    She now observed to me, aloud, resuming her former restraint, that it
was useless to hear more, or to say more, and that she begged to put an
end to the interview. She rose with an air of dignity to leave the room,
when Mr. Peggotty signified that it was needless.
    "Doen't fear me being any hindrance to you, I have no more to say,
ma'am," he remarked, as he moved towards the door. " I come heer with
no hope, and I take away no hope. I have done what I thowt should be
done, but I never looked fur any good to come of my stau'ning where I do.
 This has been too evil a house fur me and mine, fur me to be in my right
 senses and expect it."
    With this, we departed; leaving her standing by her elbow chair, a
 picture of a noble presence and a handsome face.
    We had, on our way out, to cross a paved hall, with glass sides and roof,
 over which a vine was trained. Its leaves and shoots were green then, and
 the day being sunny, a pair of glass doors leading to the garden were
 thrown open. Rosa Dartle, entering this way with a noiseless step, when
 we were close to them, addressed herself to me :
    cc You do well," she said, " indeed, to bring this fellow here ! "
    Such a concentration of rage and scorn as darkened her face, and flashed
in her jet-black eyes, I could not have thought compressible eveninto that
face. The scar made by the hammer was, as usual in this excited state of
her features, strongly marked. When the throbbing I had seen before,
 came into it as I looked at her, she absolutely lifted up her hand, and
 struck it.
    " This is a fellow," she said, " to champion and bring here, is he not ?

You are a true man ! "
    " Miss Dartle," I returned, "you are surely not so unjust as to
 condemn me !"
    " Why do you bring division between these two mad creatures? " she
returned. "Don't you know that they are both mad with their own self-
 will and pride ? "
    " I s it my doing? " I returned.
    " I s it your doing ! " she retorted. " Why do you bring this man
 here ? "
