12                                                 ADVERTISEMENTS.

             NO MORE PILLS NOR ANY OTHER MEDICINE.
T H E REYALENTA ARABICA FOOD, discovered, grown, and exclusively
         imported by DU BARRY and Co., 127. New Bond-street, London. Thislight delicious breakfast farina,
(without medicine of a n y kind, without inconvenience, and without expense, a s i t saves other more costly
remedies,) speedily and permanently removes dyspepsia (indigestion), constipation, and diarrhoea, nervousness,
biliousness, affections of t h e liver a n d kidneys, flatulency, distension, palpitation of t h e heart, nervous head-
ache, deafness, noises in the head and ears, pains in almost every part of t h e body, chronic inflammation a n d
ulceration of t h e stomach, eruptions o n t h e skin, scrofula, consumption, dropsy, rheumatism, gout, heartburn,
nausea and vomiting during pregnancy, after eating, o r a t sea, low spirits, spasms, spleen, general debility,
paralysis, cough, asthma, inquietude, sleeplessness, involuntary blushing. tremors, dislike t o society, unfit-
ness for study, loss of memory. delusions, vertigo, blood to t h e head, exhaustion, melancholy, groundless fear,
indecision, wretchedness, thoughts of self-destruction, and insanity. The best food for infants and invalids
generally, as i t is t h e only food which never turns acid o n the weakest stomach. hut imparts a h e a l t h y relish for
lunch and dinner, and restores t h e faculty of digestion and nervous and muscularenergy t o t h e most enfeebled.
Sent gratis a report of numerous c a s e s o f parties of t h e highest respectability, practically illustrating t h e resto-
ration of health t o t h e most enfeebled, delicate, o r shattered constitutions, a f t e r all other remedies had been
tried i n vain for years, a n d all hopes of recovery abandoned.
                                                                DU BARRY & CO., 127, New Bond-street, London.
                                               A    FEW           CASES.
    From t h e Right Hon. t h e Lord Stuart de Decies. "Dromana, Capoquin, County Waterford, Feb. 15, 1849.
    I' Gentlemen,-I      havederivedmuch benefit from t h e u s e of t h e ' Revalenta Food.' "STUART DE DECIES."
                                                                  "4, Park Walk, Little Chelsea, London, Oct. 2 , 1848.
     "Twenty-seven years' dyspepsia h a s been effectually removed by your excellent ' Revalenta Arabica Food.'
 i n six weeks' time, &c.                                                   "PARKER D. BINGHAM, Captain, Royal Navy."
                                                                                "Louisa Terrace, Exmouth, Aug. 17, 1849.
     "Dear Sir,-I will thank you t o send me, o n receipt of this, two l o l b , canisters of your 'Revalenta Arabica
 Food.'     I  beg   t o  assure y o u  t h a t i t s beneficial effects    have  been duly appreciated by, dear sir, y o u r s
 respectfully,                                                                            6sTHOMAS KING, Major-General."
     From t h e Venerable the Archdeacon of Ross. " Agbadown Glebe, Skibhereen, County Cork, Aug. 22, 1849.
    "Dear Sir,-I cannot speak t o o favourably of t h e Revalenta Arabica.'
                                                                                    " ALEX. STUART, Archdeacon of Ross."
                                                                               "King's College, Cambridge, Oct. 15, 1849.
    'I I now consider myself a stranger t o all complaints, except a hearty old age.                I am a s well a s ever I was,
and even quite free from thevexatious and troublesome annoyance of a n eruption of t h e skin, of which I h a d
suffered for years, and which m y medical attendant had declared incurable a t m y time of life. About sixty
 years ago, I had a fall from m y horse, hemiplegia w a s t h e consequence; m y left a r m a n d l e g were paralysed, also
my left eyelid a n d t h e eye w a s displaced. From 1789, these dilapidations haveresisted all remedies until now.
 a t the age of 85, by taro years' use of your delicious breakfast food, my left a r m and leg have been rendered a s
 useful t o me a s t h e right, and t h e left eyelid restored t o health; t h e eye s o much so, t h a t it requires n o spec-
 tacles, &e. I deem this extraordinary c u r e of much importance t o sufferers a t large, and consider i t my d u t y
 t o place the above details a t your disposal, i n a n y w a y you think will promote t h e welfare of others. Faithfully,
                                                                                      "WILLIAM HUNT, Barrister-at-Law."
                                                                                   '' Bromley, Middlesex, March 31. 1849.
     *'Gentlemen,-The       lady for w h o m Y ordered your food i s six months advanced i n pregnancy; s h e w a s
 suffering severely from indigestion a n d constipation, throwing u p h e r meals shorting a f t e r eating them,
 having a great deal of heartburn, a n d being constantly obliged t o resort t o physic o r t h e enema, and sometimes
 t o both. I a m happy t o inform you t h a t your food produced immediate relief. She h a s never hzen sick since,
 had b u t little heartburn, and t h e functions are more regular.                                "THOMAS WOODHOUSE."
                                                                                          " Winslow, Bucks, J a n . 22,1848.
    " I have found i t t o be a simple, though very efficacious and pleasant food, doing good t o my own and others'
functional disorders.                                                                             " (Rev.) CHARLES KERR."
                                                                     " R o y a l Hotel, St. Heliers, Jersey. 4th Nov., 1849.
    " M y dear Sir,-It i s n o t t o be told all t h e benefit your food h a s been t o m e ; and my little son cries for a
saucer of i t every morning-henever wanted a doctor since i t came i n t o t h e house. I consider you a blessing
t o society a t large. Most faithfully yours,                                                         "WALTER KEATING."
                                                                     " z l , Queen's Terrace, Bayswater, 22nd Nov. 1849.
    "Mr. Dampier will thank Messrs. Du Barry a n d Co. t o send him another canister of their Revalenta Arabica,
i t agreeing s o well with his infant."
                                                                     "Southwick-park, Fareham, Hants, Oct. 31,1848.
    " Gentlemen,-I sincerely t h a n k you for your kind attention. When I began taking t h e Revalenta' I w a s
in as deplorable a condition as can well he imagined. 1 was confined to bed, and so weak t h a t I could neither
stand nor walk, suffering severely from flatulency, constipation, and indigestion, a n d being compelled t o have
recourse t o aperients every second or third day; and upon o n e occasion I swallowed n o less t h a n seven doses
within twenty-eight hours, under medical advice. There was a giddiness in m y head, and a singing i n m y
right ear, that, when I turned my head o n t h e pillow, i t resembled t h e sound produced by a slight touch o n a
musical glass. I had a pain and sort of fulness across t h e chest, a sore throat, a n d a slight cough; hut t h e
pain around my loins w a s so great t h a t I could not remain in t h e same position for ten minutes all night long.
The principal seat of t h e pain seemed t o be just below t h e ribs on my left side. and a b o u t three inches from t h e
back bone. I commenced taking t h e 'Revalenta,' morning and evening, boiled i n w a t e r and salt, a n d in less
than a fortnight my appetite w a s greatly improved, and flatulency and constipation s o f a r vanished t h a t I have
n o t tasted a pill or d r u g of a n y kind since. I a m much stronger, c a n walk steadier, a n d less like a drunken
man, &c., &c.                                                                                   J O H N VASS, Land Steward."
                                                                                                    "London, Aug. I, 1849.
    " Dr. Harvey presents his compliments t o Messrs. D u Barry and Co., and h a s pleasure in recommending their
 ' Revalenta Food.' I t h a s been singularly useful in many obstinate cases of diarrhoea, a s also of t h e opposite
condition of the bowels a n d their nervous consequences."
                                                                                                   " Leicester, Nov. 2, 1848.
     "Dear Sir,-[ a m glad t o tell yon, t h a t t h e diarrhcea of which I h a d suffered for t w o years i s much im-
proved, and all the attendant symptoms considerably abated, since I commenced taking t h e 'Revalenta,' and,
 should i t continue without a relapse, I shall have little t o complain of, &c,, &c.
                                                                                       " SAMUEL LAXTON, Market.street."
    Similar expressions of gratitude from 5000 other correspondents.
    I n canisters a t 48. 6d ; of 41b. a t 11s.; IOlh. a t 22s.; super-refined quality, Slb., 33s. ; and 4lb., 22s.; suitably
 packed for all climates. 81h. and lolh. canisters forwarded by DU BARRY and Co., on receipt of Post-office
o r bankers' orders (carriage free) t o any town o r railway station connected by rail with Londou, o r t o a n y
Port in Scotland or Ireland connected with London by steam or sailing vessels. Shipments abroad a t t e n d e d
to. Their amount may he s e n t i n a hill o r banker's order on London, o r placed t o t h e credit of Messrs. D u
Barry a n d Co's account, a t Messrs. Coutts a n d Co., bankers, London.
                              DU BARRY & CO., 127, NEW BOND STREET, LONDON.
            N.B.-Let n o one be imposed upon by Spurious Compounds under a close imitation of name.
