DEDICATED, BY COMMAND, T O                H. R. H. PRINCE ALBERT,          ETC. ETC.



             THE ART-JOURNAL :


THE FINE ARTS, THE ARTS OF DESIGN AND MANUFACTURE,
                                      ETC. ETC.

                    PRICE HALF-A-CROWN MONTHLY.

                                                             i~ presented by
    occasion favourable for New Subscribers to the ART-JOURNAL
            the commencemevt of a New FTolume with the New Year.


   To the atelier of the ARTIST  ; to the library of the AHATEUR;     to the desk of the
STUDENT;     to the workshop of the MANUFACTURER;       and to the drawingroom table
of the ADMIRER      OF BEAUTIFUL  ENGRAYINGS,   the ART-JOURNAL     is recommended as
" a companion and counsellor, at once agreeable and instructive; " as "ably and

impartially conducted;" as "stimulating the manufacturer to the production of
excellence, and the public to appreciate his improved works;" and as having
worked out with "industry, integrity, and ability," its high purpose of "supplying
to Artists, Amateurs, and Connoisseurs, accurate and useful information upon all
subjects in which they are interested, and to the public the means of justly ascer-
taining and estimating the progress of Art both at home and abroad."
   With the year 1849 commenced the issue in the ART-JOURNAL               of B series of
Prints of the highest order of merit, engraved in the Line manner by the most
eminent British Engravers. These consist of THE VERNON          GALLERY    (each Monthly
Part containing two examples), the permission to engraxre which was accorded to
the Editor by the late ROBERT    VERNON,   Esq. previous to his "proffer" of the collec-
tion to the Nation-a permission graciously sanctioned and confirmed by the
Trustees of the National Gallery. "To the British School of Art the publication
has been a boon of magnitude ;" "Mr. VERNON'S         gift is thus made doubly the pro-
perty of the people;" "rendering ample justice to the best works of the best Artists
of our country," and "aiding the progress of national improvement, by rendering
accessible to all classes a source of enjoyment and instruction."
   To these testimonials may be added that of Mr. VERNON,         who characterised the
Engravings as " most beautifully executed," and "trusted that when published in
the ART-JOURNAL      they would be appreciated by the Public, and, by their diffusion
at so moderate a cost, improve and increase the taste for the productions of our
Native Artists."
   I t is not therefore too much to assume that the ART-JOURNAL      is a National Work,
aiding the great cause of National Improvement.
   The Volume, handsomely bound, of the ART-JOURNAL             for the year 1849, con-
taining Twenty-five Line Engravings (on Steel) of the Vernon Gallery, Twelve
Engravings (on Steel) of Worlcs in Sculpture, above Eight Hundred Engravings
on Wood, and Four Hundred Pages of Letter-press, may be purchased for the sum
of THIRTY-ONE      SHILLINGS and SIXPENCE.A few years ago Ten Shillings was the
charge for a single print of the size and character issued in this Journal for as
many pence.                                                                      Twenty-
