                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  down the poker, he now hugged me again ; aud I hugged him ; and, both
  laughing, and both wiping our eyes, we both sat down, and shook hands
 across the hearth.
     "To think," said Traddles, "that you should have been so nearly
  coming home as you must have been, my dear old boy, and not at the
  ceremony ! "
     "What ceremony, my dear Traddles? "
     "Good gracious me ! " cried Traddles, opening his eyes in his old way.
  "Didn't you get my last letter ? "
     " Certainly iiot, if it referred to any ceremony."
     " Why, my dear Copperfield," said Traddles, sticking his hair upright

 with both hands, and then putting his hands on my knees, " I am
 married ! "
    " Married ! " I cried 'o fully !
    " Lord bless me, ye; ?"said Traddles-" by the &rerend Horace-to
 Sophy-down in Devonshire. Why, my dear boy, she 'S behind the
 window curtain ! Look here ! "
    To my amazement, the dearest girl in the world came at that same
 instant, laughing and blushing, from her place of concealment. And a
 more cheerful, amiable, honest, happy, bright-looking bride, I believe (as
I could not help saying on the spot) the world never saw. I kissed her
as an old acquaintance should, and wished them joy with all my might of
heart.
    "Dear me," said Traddles, " what a delightful re-union this is ! You
arc so extremely brown, my dear Copperfield! God bless my soul, how
happy I am ! "
    " And so am I," said I.

    " And I am sure I am ! " said the blushing and laughing Sophy.

    "We are all as happy as possible ! " said Traddles. " Even the girls
are happy. Dear me, I declare I forgot them ! "
    " Forgot ? " said I.
    " The girls," said Traddles.       " Sophy's sisters. They are staying with
us. They have come to have a peep at London. The fact is, when-
was it you that tumbled up stairs, Copperfield ? "
    " It was," said I, laughing.

    " Well then, when you tumbled up stairs," said Traddles, " I was romping

with the girls. I n point of fact, we were playing at Puss in the Corner.
But as that wouldn't do in Westminster Hall, and as it wouldn't look
quite professional if they were seen by a client, they decamped. And they
are now-listening, I have no doubt," said Traddles, glancing at the door
of another room.
    " I am sorry," said I, laughing afresh, "to have occasioned such a
dispersion."
    " Upon my word," rejoined Traddles, greatly delighted, "if you had

seen them running away, and running back again, after you had knocked,
to pick up the combs they had dropped out of their hair, and going on n
the maddest manner, you wouldn't have said so. My love, will you fetch
the girls ? "
    Sophy tripped away, and we heard her received in the adjoining room
with a peal of laughter.
