              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE




                          CHAPTER XXVII.
                            TOMMY TRADDLES.

    ITmay have been in consequence of Mrs. Crupp's advice, and, perhaps,
for no better reason than because there was a certain similarity in the
sound of the words skittles and Traddles, that it came into my head,
next day, to go and look after Traddles. The time he had mentioned was
more than out, and he lived in a little street near the Veterinary College
at Camden Town, which was principally tenanted, as one of our clerks
who lived in that direction informed me, by gentlemen students, who
bought live donkeys, and made experiments on those quadrupeds in their
private apartments. Having obtained from this clerk a direction to the
academic grove in question, I set out, the same afternoon, to visit my old
schoolfellow.
    I found that the street was not as desirable a one as I could have wished
it to be, for the sake of Traddles. The inhabitants appeared to have a
propensity to throw any little trifles they were not in want of, into the
road : which not only made it rank and sloppy, but untidy too, on account
of the cabbage-leaves. The refuse was not wholly vegetable either, for
I myself saw a shoe, a doubled-up saucepan, a black bonnet, and an
umbrella, in various stages of decomposition, as I was looking out for the
number I wanted.
    The general air of the place reminded me forcibly of the days when
I lived with Mr. and Mrs. Micawber. An indescribable character of faded
gentility that attached to the house I sought, and made it unlike all the
 other houses in the street-though they were all built on one monotonous
pattern, and looked like the early copies of a blundering boy who was
learning to make houses, and had not yet got out of his cramped brick
and mortar pothooks-reminded me still more of Mr. and Mrs. Micawber.
Happening to arrive at the door as it was opened to the afternoon
milkman, I was reminded of Mr. and Mrs. Micawber more forcibly yet.
    " Now," said the milkman to a very youthful servant girl.           "Has
that there little bill of mine been heerd on? "
    "Oh master says he '11 attend to it immediate," was the reply.
    "Because," said the milkman, going on as if he had received no
answer, and speaking, as I judged from his tone, rather for the edification
of somebody within the house, than of the youthful servant-an impres-
sion which was strengthened by his manner of glaring down the passage-
 " Because that there little bill has been running so long, that I begin to
believe it's run away altogether, and never won't be heerd of. Now,
I ' m not a going to stand it, you know! " said the milkman, still
throwing his voice into the house, and glaring down the passage.
     As to his dealing in the mild article of milk, by-the-by, there never
 was a greater anomaly. His deportment would have been fierce in a
 butcher or a brandy merchant.
     The voice of the youthful servant became faint, but she seemed to me,
