                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            301
    c c I t ' s a bad job,'"e said, when I had done ; " but the sun sets every
day, and people die every minute, and we mustn't be scared by the
common lot. If we failed to hold our own, because that equal foot at
all men's doors was heard knocking somewhere, every object in this world
would slip from us. No ! Ride on ! Rough-shod if need be, smooth-shod
if that will do, but ride on ! Ride over all obstacles, and win the race ! "
    "And win what race? " said 1.
    " The race that one has started in," said he. " Ride on ! "
   I noticed, I remember, as he paused, looking at me with his handsome
head a little thrown back, and his glass raised in his hand, that, though
the freshness of the sea-wind was on his face, and it was ruddy, there
were traces in it, made since I Iast saw it, as if he had applied himself to
some habitual strain of the fervent energy which, when roused, was so pas-
sionately roused within him. I had it in my thoughts to remonstrate
with him upon his desperate way of pursuing any fancy that he took-
such as this buffetting of rough seas, and braving of hard weather, for
example-when my mind glanced off to the immediate subject of our
conversation again, and pursued that instead.
     " I tell you what, Steerforth," said I, " if your high spirits will listen

to me "-
    "They are potent spirits, and will do whatever you like," he answered,
moving from the table to the fireside again.
    " Then I tell you what, Steerforth.      I think I will go down and see
my old nurse. I t is not that I can do her any good, or render her any real
 service; but she is so attached to me that my visit will have as much
effect on her, as if I could do both. She will take it so kindly that it will
be a comfort and support to her. I t is no great effort to make, I am sure,
for such a friend as she has been to me. Wouldn't you go a day's
journey, if you were in my place ?"
    His face was thoughtful, and he sat considering a little before he
answered, in a low voice, "Well ! Go. You can do no harm."
     " You have just come back," said I, " and it would be in vain to ask
you to go with me ? "
     " Quite," he returned. " I am for Highgate to-night. I have not
 seen my mother this long time, and it lies upon my conscience, for it's
 something to be loved as she loves her prodigal son.--Bah ! Nonsense !-
 You mean to go to-morrow, I suppose ? " he said, holding me out at arm's
 length, with a hand on each of my shoulders.
     " Yes, I think so."

     " Well, then, don't go till next day.    I wanted you to come and stay
 a few days with us. Here I am, on purpose to bid you, and you fly off to
Yarmouth ! "
     " You are a nice fellow to talk of flying off, Steerforth, who are always

 running wild on some unknown expedition or other ! "
     He looked at me for a moment without speaking, and then rejoined, still
 holding me as before, and giving me a shake :
     " Come ! Say the next day, and pass as much of to-morrow as you can

 with us ! Who knows when we may meet again, else? Come ! Say the
 next day ! I want you to stand between Rosa Dartle and me, and keep
 US asunder."
     " Would you love each other too much, without me ? "
