               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

remoteness had come upon the old Blunderstone life-which seemed to
lie in the haze of an immeasurable distance; and that a curtain had for
ever fallen on my life at Murdstone and Grinby's. No one has ever
raised that curtain since. I have lifted it for a moment, even in this
narrative, with a reluctant hand, and dropped it gladly. The remem-
brance of that life is fraught with so much pain to me, with so much
mental suffering and want of hope, that I have never had the courage
even to examine how long I was doomed to lead it. Whether it lasted
for a year, or more, or less, I do not know. I only know that it was,
and ceased to be ; and that I have written, and there I leave it.




                            CHAPTER XV.
                     I MAKE ANOTHER BEGINNING.

   MR. DICK and I soon became the best of friends, and very often, when
his day's work was done, went out together to fly the great kite. Every
day of his life he had a long sitting at the Memorial, which never made
the least progress, however hard he labored, for King Charles the First
always strayed into it, sooner or later, and then it was thrown aside, and
another one begun. The patience and hope with which he bore these per-
petual disappointments, the mild perception he had that there was some-
thing wrong about King Charles the First, the feeble efforts he made to
 keep him out, and the certainty with which he came in, and tumbled the
 Memorial out of all shape, made a deep impression on me. What Mr.
 Dick supposed would come of the Memorial, if it were completed ; where
he thought it was to go, or what he thought it was to do ; he knew no
 more than anybody else, I believe. Nor was it at all necessary that he
should trouble himself with such questions, for if anything were certain
under the sun, it was certain that the Memorial never would be finished.
   It was quite an affecting sight, I used to think, to see him with
the kite when it was up a great height in the air. What he had told
me, in his room, about his belief in its disseminating the statements
pasted on it, which were nothing but old leaves of abortive Memorials,
might have been a fancy with him sometimes; but not when he was out,
looking up at the kite in the sky, and feeling it pull and tug at his
hand. He never looked so serene as he did then. I used to fancy, as I
sat by him of an evening, on a green slope, and saw him watch the
kite high in the quiet air, that it lifted his mind out of its confusion, and
bore it (such was my boyish thought) into the skies. As he wound the
string in, and it came lower and lower down out of the beautiful light,
until it fluttered to the ground, and lay there like a dead thing, he seemed
to wake gradually out of a dream ; and I remember to have seen him take
it up, and look about him in a lost way, as if they had both come down
 together, so that I pitied him with all my heart.
    While I advanced in friendship and intimacy with Mr. Dick, I did not
 go backward in the favor of his staunch friend, my aunt. She took SO
