120           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

kitchen-table. With these possessions we encamped, as it were, in the
two parlors of the emptied house in Windsor Terrace; Mrs. Micawber,
 the children, the Orfling, and myself; and lived in those rooms night
 and day. I have no idea for how long, though it seems to me for a
long time. At last Mrs. Micawber resolved to move into the prison,
where Mr. Micawber had now secured a room to himself. So I took
the key of the house to the landlord, who was very glad to get i t ; and
the beds were sent over to the King's Bench, except mine, for which
a little room was hired outside the walls in the neighbourhood of that
Institution, very much to my satisfaction, since the Micawbers and I had
become too used to one another, in our troubles, to part. The Orfling
was likewise accommodated with an inexpensive lodging in the same
neighbourhood. Mine was a quiet back-garret with a sloping roof, com-
manding a pleasant prospect of a timber-yard; and when I took possession
of it, with the reflection that Mr. Micawber's troubles had come to a crisis
at last, I thought it quite a paradise.
   All this time I was working at Murdstone and Grinby's in the same
common way, and with the same common companions, and with the same
sense of unmerited degradation as at first. But I never, happily for me no
doubt, made a single acquaintance, or spoke to any of the many boys whom
I saw daily in going to the warehouse, in coming from it, and in prowling
about the streets at meal-times. I led the same secretly unhappy life ;but
I led it in the same lonely, self-reliant manner. The only changes I am
conscious of are, firstly, that I had grown more shabby, and secondly,
that I was now relieved of much of the weight of Mr. and Mrs. Micawber's
 cares ; for some relatives or friends had engaged to help them at their
present pass, and they lived more comfortably in the prison than they
 had lived for a long while out of it. I used to breakfast with them now,
 in virtue of some arrangement, of which I have forgotten the details. I
 forget, too, at what hour the gates were opened in the morning, admitting
 of my going in; but I know that I was often up at six o'clock, and that
 my favorite lounging-place in the interval was old London Bridge, where
I was wont to sit in one of the stone recesses, watching the people going
by, or to look over the balustrades at the sun shining in the water, and
lighting up the golden flame on the top of the Monument. The Orfling
met me here sometimes, to be told some astonishing fictions respecting the
wharves and the Tower; of which I can say no more than that I hope I
believed them myself. I n the evening I used to go back to the prison,
and walk up and down the parade with Mr. Micawber ; or play casino
with Mrs. Micawber, and hear reminiscences of her papa and mama.
Whether Mr. Murdstone knew where I was, I am unable to say. I never
told them at Murdstone and Grinby's.
   Mr. Micawber's affairs, although past their crisis, were very much
involved by reason of a certain " Deed," of which I used to hear a great
deal, and which I suppose, now, to have been some former composition
with his creditors, though I was so far from being clear about it then,
that I am conscious of having confounded it with those demoniacal parch-
ments which are held to have, once upon a time, obtained to a great
extent in Germany. At last this document appeared to be got out of the
way, somehow ; at all events it ceased to be the rock-ahead it had been ;
and Mrs. Micawber informed me that "her family " had decided that Mr.
