                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  "Would you like me to do it, Mr. Barkis? " said I , doubtfully.
  " You might tell her, if you would," said Mr. Barkis, with another
slow look at me, " that Barkis was a waitin' for a answer. Says you-
what name is it ? "
   " Her name ? "

   " Ah ! " said Mr. Barkis, with a nod of his head.
   " Peggotty."
   c c Chrisen name ? Or nat'ral name ? " said Mr. Barkis.
   " Oh, it's not her ehristian name. Her christian name is Clara."
   " I s it though ! " said Mr. Barkis.

   He seemed to find an immense fund of reflection in this circumstance,
and sat pondering and inwardly whistling for some time.
   "Well ! " he resumed at length. " Says you, ' Peggotty ! Barkis is a
waitin' for a answer.' Says she, perhaps, 'Answer to what? ' Says you,
' To what I told you.' ' What is that ? ' says she. ' Barkis is willin','
says you."
   This extremely artful suggestion, Mr. Barkis accompanied with a nudge
of his elbow that gave me quite a stitch in my side. After that, he
slouched over his horse in his usual manner ; and made no other reference
to the subject except, half an hour afterwards, taking a piece of chalk from
his pocket, and writing up, inside the tilt of the cart, " Clara Peggotty "
-apparently as a private memorandum.
   Ah, what a strange feeling it was to be going home when it was not
home, and to find that every object I looked at, reminded me of the happy
old home, which was like a dream I could never dream again ! The days
when my mother and I and Peggotty were all in all to one another, and
there was no one to come between us, rose up before me so sorrowfully
on the road, that I am not sure I was glad to be there-not sure but that
I would rather have remained away, and forgotten it in Steerforth's com-
pany. But there I was; and soon I was at our house, where the bare old
elm trees wrung their many hands in the bleak wintry air, and shreds of
the old rooks' nests drifted away upon the wind.
   The carrier put my box down at the garden gate, and left me. I
walked along the path towards the house, glancing at the windows, and
fearing at every step to see Mr. Murdstone or Miss Murdstone lowering
out of one of them. No face appeared, however ; and being come to the
house, and knowing how to open the door, before dark, without knocking,
I went in with a quiet, timid step.
    God knows how infantine the memory may have been, that was awakened
within me by the sound of my mother's voice in the old parlor, when I
set foot in the hall. She was singing in a low tone. I think T must
have lain in her arms, and heard her singing so to me when I was but a baby.
The strain was new to me, and yet it was so old that it filled my heart
brim-full ; like a friend come back from a long absence.
   I believed, from the solitary and thoughtful way in which my mother
murmured her song, that she was alone. And I went softly into the room.
She was sitting by the fire, suckling an infant, whose tiny hand she held
against her neck. Her eyes were looking down upon its face, and she sat
singing to it. I was so far right, that she had no other companion.
    I spoke to her, and she started, and cried out. But seeing me, she
