266           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

anything, and really his damp cold hand felt so like a frog in mine, that
I was tempted to drop it and run away. A p e s and hospitality pre-
vailed, however, and I conducted him to my fireside. When I lighted
my candles, he fell into meek transports with the room that was revealed
to him ; and when I heated the coffee in an unassuming block-tin vessel,
in which Mrs. Crupp delighted to prepare it (chiefly, I believe, because
it was not intended for the purpose, being a shaving-pot, and because
there was a patent invention of great price mouldering away in the
pantry), he professed so much emotion, that I could joyfully have scalded
him.
    c ' Oh, really, Master Copperfield,-I     mean Mister Copperfield," said
Uriah, " t o see you waiting upon me is what I never could have ex-
pected! But, one way and another, so many things happen to me which
I never could have expected, I am sure, in my umble station, that it
seems to rain blessings on my ed. You have heard something, I des-say,
of a change in my expectations, Master Copperfield,-I should say, Mister
Copperfield ? "
    As he sat on my sofa, with his long knees drawn up under his coffee-
cup, his hat and gloves upon the ground close to him, his spoon going
softly round and round, his shadowless red eyes, which looked as if they
had scorched their lashes off, turned towards me without looking a t me,
the disagreeable dints I have formerly described in his nostrils coming
and going with his breath, and a snaky undulation pervading his frame
from his chin to his boots, I decided in my own mind that I disliked him
intensely. I t made me very uncomfortable to have him for a guest, for I
was young then, and unused to disguise what I so strongly felt.
     "You have heard something, I des-say, of a change in my expectations,
Master Copperfield,-I should say, Mister Copperfield? " observed Uriah.
    '' Yes," said I, "something."
    " Ah ! I thought Miss Agnes would know of it ! " he quietly returned.
" I ' m glad to find Miss Agnes knows of it. Oh, thank you, Master-
Mister Copperfield !"
    I could have thrown my bootjack at him (it lay ready on the rug), for
having entrapped me into the disclosure of anything concerning Agnes,
however immaterial. But I only drank my coffee.
    "What a prophet you have shown yourself, Nister Copperfield ! "
pursued Uriah. "Dear me, what a prophet you have proved yourself to
be ! Don't you remember saying to me once, that perhaps I should be
a partner in Mr. Wickfield's business, and perhaps it might be Wickfield
and Keep ! You may not recollect it ; but when a person is umble,
Master Copperfield, a person treasures such things up ! "
    " I recollect talking about it," said I, "though I certainly did not think

it very likely then."
    " Oh ! who would have thought it likely, Mister Copperfield ! " returned

Uriah, enthusiastically, " I am sure I didn't myself. I recollect saying
with my own lips that I was much too umble. So I considered myself
really and truly."
    H e sat, with that carved grin on his face, looking at the fire, as I looked
at him.
    " But the umblest persons, Master Copperfield," he presently resumed,
" may be the instruments of good.          I am glad to think I have been the
