                        OF DAVID COPPERPIELD.                           427
but he never could prevail upon himself to bear my aunt's society. H e
would sometimes think he had got the better of his objection, and be
amiable for a few minutes ; and then would put up his snub nose, and
howl to that extent, that there was nothing for it but to blind him and
put him in the plate-warmer. At length, Dora regularly muffled him
in a towel and shut him up there, whenever my aunt was reported at
the door.
    One thing troubled me much, after we had fallen into this quiet train.
I t was, that Dora seemed by one consent to be regarded like a pretty toy
or plaything. My aunt, with whom she gradually became familiar,
always called her Little Blossom; and the pleasure of Miss Lavinia's life
was to wait upon her, curl her hair, make ornaments for her, and treat
her like a pet child. What Miss Lavinia did, her sister did as a matter of
course. It was very odd to me ; but they all seemed to treat Dora, in her
degree, much as Dora treated Jip in his.
    I made up my mind to speak to Dora about this; and one day when
we were out walking (for we were licensed by Miss Lavinia, after a while,
to go out walking by ourselves), 1said to her that I wished she could get
them to behave towards her differently.
    " Because you know, my darling," I remonstrated, " you are not

a child."
    &lt;' There ! " said Dora. " Now you 're going to be cross ! "
    " Cross, my love ? "

    " I am sure they 're very kind to me," said Dora, " and I am very

happy."
    &lt;' Well ! But my dearest life ! " said I, " you might be very happy, and
yet be treated rationally."
    Dora gave me a reproachful look-the prettiest look !-and then began
to sob, saying if I didn't like her, why had I ever wanted so much to be
engaged to her? And why didn't I go away, now, if I couldn't
bear her ?
    What could I do, but kiss away her tears, and tell her how I doted
on her, after that !
    c r I am sure I am very affectionate," said Dora; " you oughtn't to
be cruel to me, Doady ! "
    " Cruel, my precious love ! As if I would-or     could-be cruel to you,
for the world ! "
    " Then don't find fault with me," said Dora, making a rosebud of her
mouth ; " and I '11 be good."
    I was charmed by her presently asking me, of her own accord, to give
her that cookery-book I had once spoken of, and to show her how to
keep accounts as I had once promised I would. I brought the volume with
me on my next visit (I got it prettily bound, first, to make it look less dry
and more inviting) ; and as we strolled about the Common, I showed hey
an old housekeeping-book of my aunt's, and gave her a set of tablets,
and a pretty little pencil case and box of leads, to practise house-
keeping with.
    But the cookery-book made Dora's head ache, and the figures made
her cry. They wouldn't add up, she said. So she rubbed them out, and
drew little nosegays, and likenesses of me and Jip, d l over the tablets.
