                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           313
   "Now, I ' m a going up-stairs to tell your aunt as Mas'r Davy 's here,
and that '11 cheer her up a bit," he said. " Sit ye down by the fire, the
while, my dear, and warm these mortal cold hands. You doen't need to
be so fearsome, and take on so much. What ? You'll go along with me?
-Well ! come along with me-come ! If her uncle was turned out of
house and home, and forced to lay down in a dyke, Mas'r Davy," said
Mr. Peggotty, with no less pride than before, "it's my belief she 'd go
along with him, now ! But there '11 be some one else, soon,-some one
else, soon, Em'ly ! "
   Afterwards, when I went up-stairs, as I passed the door of my little
chamber, which was dark, I had an indistinct impression of her being
within it, cast down upon the floor. But, whether it was really she, or
whether it was a confusion of the shadows in the room, I don't know now.
   I had leisu~eto think, before the kitchen-fire, of pretty little Em'ly's
dread of death-which, added to what Mr. Omer had told me, I took to
be the cause of her being so unlike herself-and I had leisure, before
Peggotty came down, even to think more leniently of the weakness of it :
as I sat counting the ticking of the clock, and deepening my sense of the
solemn hush around me. Peggotty took me in her arms, and blessed and
thanked ine over and over again for being such a comfort to her (that was
what she said) in her distress. She then entreated me to come up-stairs,
sobbing that Mr. Barkis had always liked me and admired me; that he
had often talked of me, before he fell into a stupor ; and that she believed,
in case of his coming to himself again, he would brighten up at sight of
me, if he could brighten up at any earthly thing.
   The probability of his ever doing so, appeared to me, when I saw him,
to be very small. He was lying with his head and shoulders out of bed,
in an uncomfortable attitude, half resting on the box which had cost him
so much pain and trouble. I learned, that, when he was past creeping out
of bed to open it, and past assuring himself of its safety by means of the
divining rod I had seen him use, he had required to have it placed on the
chair at the bed-side, where he had ever since embraced it, night and day.
His arm lay on it now. Time and the world were slipping from beneath
him, but the box was there ; and the last words he had uttered were (in
an explanatory tone) " Old clothes ! "
   " Barkis, my dear ! " said Peggotty, almost cheerfully : bending over
him, while her brother and I stood at the bed's foot. " Here's my dear
boy-my dear boy, Master Davy, who brought us together, Barkis ! That
you sent messages by, you know ! Won't you speak to Master Davy ? "
   H e was as mute and senseless as the box, from which his form derived
the only expression it had.
   " H e 's a going out with the tide," said Mr. Peggotty to me, behind
his hand.
   My eyes were dim, and so were Mr. Peggotty's ; but I repeated in a
whisper, " With the tide ? "
   " People can't die, along the coast," said Mr. Peggotty, " except when

the tide's pretty nigh out. They can't be born, unless it's pretty nigh in-
not properly born, till flood. He 's a going out with the tide. I t ' s ebb at
half arter three, slack water half-an-hour. If he lives 'till it turns, he '11
hold his own till past the flood, and go out with the next tide."
