              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  " You couldn't speak to me without inconveniencing yourself, Trotwood,
I am afraid ? "
  " Certainly, Mr. Dick," said I ; "come in ! "
  " Trotwood," said Mr. Dick, laying his finger on the side of his nose,
after he had shaken hands with me. "Before I sit down, I wish to make
an observation. You know your aunt? "
    " A little," I replied.
    " She is the most wonderful woman in the world, sir ! "
   After the delivery of this communication, which he shot out of himself
as if he were loaded with it, Mr. Dick sat down with greater gravity than
usual, and looked at me.
    " Now, boy," said Mr. Dick, " I am going to put a question to you."
    "As many as you please," said I.
    " What do you consider me, sir? " asked Mr. Dick, folding his arms.
    " A dear old friend," said I.
   " Thank you, Trotwood," returned Mr. Dick, laughing, ancl reaching
across in high glee to shake hands with me. "But I mean,boy," resuming his
gravity, "what do you consider me in this respect ?" touching his forehead.
   I was puzzled how to answer, but he helped me with a word.
    " Weak ? " said Mr. Dick.
    "Well," I replied, dubiously. " Rather so."
    "Exactly ! " cried Mr. Dick, who seemed quite enchanted by my reply.
"That is, Trotwood, when they took some of the trouble out of you-know-
who's head, and put it you know where, there was a-"              Mr. Dick
made his two hands revolve very fast about each other a great number of
times, and then brought them into collision, and rolled them over and
over one another, to express confusion. "There was that sort of thing
done to me somehow ? E h ? "
    I nodded at him, and he nodded back again.
    " I n short, boy," said Mr. Dick, dropping his voice to a whisper, " I
am simple."
    I would have qualified that conclusion, but he stopped me.
    "Yes, I am ! She pretends I am not. She won't hear of it ; but I
am. I know I am. If she hadn't stood my friend, sir, I should have
been shnt up, to lead a dismal life these many years. But I'll provide
for her ! I never spend the copying money. I put it in a box. I have
made a will. I ' l l leave it all to her. She shall be rich-noble ! "
    Mr. Dick took out his pocket-handkerchief, aud wiped his eyes. H e
then folded it up with great care, pressed it smooth between his two
hands, put it in his pocket, and seemed to put my aunt away with it.
    "Now you are a scholar, Trotwood," said Mr. Dick. " Yon are a fine
scholar. You know what a learned man, what a great man, the Doctor is.
You know what honor he has always done me. Xot proud in his wisdom.
Ilumble, humble-condescending even to poor Dick, who is simple and
knows nothing. I have sent his name up, on a scrap of paper, to the
kite, along the string, when it has been in the sky, among the larks.
The kite has been glad to receive it, sir, and the sky has been brighter
with it."
    I delighted him by saying, most heartily, that the Doctor was deserving
 of our best respect and highest esteem.
