126            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

twenty pounds ought and six, result misery. The blossom is blighted,
 the leaf is withered, the god of day goes down upon the dreary scene, and
 -and in short you are for ever floored. As I am ! "
    To make his example the more impressive, Mr. Micawber drank a glass
of punch with an air of great enjoyment and satisfaction, and whistled the
 College Hornpipe.
    I did not fail to assure him that I would store these precepts in my
mind, though indeed I had no need to do so, for, at the time, they affected
me visibly. Next morning I met the whole family at the coach-office, and
saw them, with a desolate heart, take their places outside, at the back.
    " Master Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber, " God bless you ! I never
can forget all that, you know, and I never would if I could."
    " Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, " farewell ! Every happiness and
prosperity ! If, in the progress of revolving years, I could persuade myself
that my blighted destiny had been a warning to you, I should feel that I
had not occupied another man's place in existence altogether in vain. In
case of anything turning up (of which I am rather confident), I shall be
extremely happy if i t should be in my power to improve your prospects."
   I think, as Mrs. Micawber sat at the back of the coach, with the children,
and I stood in the road looking wistfully at them, a mist cleared from her
eyes, and she saw what a little creature I really was. I think so, because
she beckoned to me to climb up, with quite a new and motherly expression
in her face, and put her arm round my neck, and gave me just such a kiss
as she might have given to her own boy. I had barely time to get down
 again before the coach started, and I could hardly see the family for the
handkerchiefs they waved. I t was gone in a minute. The Orfling and I
 stood looking vacantly at each other in the middle of the road, and then
 shook hands and said good bye ; she going back, I suppose, to Saint Luke's
workhouse, as I went to begin my weary day at Murdstone and Grinby's.
    But with no intention of passing many more weary days there. No.
 I had resolved to run away.-To go, by some means or other, down into
the country, to the only relation I had in the world, and tell my story to
my aunt, Miss Betsey.
    I have already observed that I don't know how this desperate idea
came into my brain. But, once there, it remained there; and hardened
into a purpose than which I have never entertained a more determined
purpose in my life. I am far from sure that I believed there was any-
thing hopeful in it, but my mind was thoroughly made up that it must be
carried into execution.
    Again, and again, and a hundred times again, since the night when the
thought had first occurred to me and banished sleep, I had gone over that
old story of my poor mother's about my birth, which it had been one of
my great delights in the old time to hear her tell, and which I knew by
heart. My aunt walked into that story, and walked out of it, a dread and
awful personage ; but there was one little trait in her behaviour which Iliked
to dwell on, and which gave me some faint shadow of encouragement.
I could not forget how my mother had thought that she felt her touch
her pretty hair with no ungentle hand; and though it might have been
altogether my mother's fancy, and might have had no foundation
whatever in fact, I made a little picture, out of it, of my terrible aunt
relenting towards the girlish beauty that I recollected so well and loved
