                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            327
    I remembered very well what she referred to, having had it in my
 thoughts many times that day. I told her so.
    " May the Father of all Evil confound him," said Che little woman,

 holding up her forefinger between me and her sparkling eyes, " and ten
times more confound that wicked servant; but I believed it was you who
had a boyish passion for her ! "
    " I ? " I repeated.
    " Child, chlld ! I n the name of blind ill-fortune," cried Miss Mowcher,
 wringing her hands impatiently, as she went to and fro again upon the
fender, " why did you praise her so, and blush, and look disturbed?"
    I could not conceal from myself that I had done this, though for a
reason very different from her supposition.
    "What did I know? " said Miss Mowcher, taking out her handkerchief
 again, and giving one little stamp on the ground whenever, at short inter-
vals, she applied it to her eyes with both hands at once. " He was crossing
you and wheedling you, I saw; and you were soft wax in his hands, I saw,
Had I left the room a minute, when his man told me that 'Young Inno-
cence ' (so he called you, and you may call him ' Old Guilt ' all the days
of your hfe) had set his heart upon her, and she was giddy and l~kedhim,
but his master was resolved that no harm should come of it-more for your
sake than for hers-and that that was their business here? How could I
but believe him? I saw Steerforth soothe and please you by his praise of
her! You were the first to niention her name. You owned to an old
admiration of her. You were hot and cold, and red and white, all at once
when I spoke to you of her. What could I think-what did I think-
but that you were a young libertine in everything but experience, and had
fallen into hands that had experience enough, and could manage you
(having the fancy) for your own good? Oh ! oh ! oh ! They were afraid
of my finding out the truth," exclaimed Miss Mowcher, getting off the
fender, and trotting up and down the kitchen with her two short arms
distressfully lifted up, " because I am a sharp little thing-I need be, to get
through the world at all!-and they deceived me altogether, and I gave
the poor unfortunate girl a letter, which I fully believe was the beginning
of her ever speaking to Littimer, who was left behind on purpose ! "
   I stood amazed at the revelation of all this perfidy, looking at Miss
Mowcher as she walked up and down the kitchen until she was out of
breath: when she sat upon the fender again, and, drying her face with her
handkerchief, shook her head for a long time, without otherwise moving,
and without breaking silence.
   " My country rounds," she added at length, " brought me to Norwich,

Mr. Copperfield, the night before last. What I happened to find out there,
about their secret way of coming and going, without you-which was
strange-led to my suspecting something wrong. I got into the coach
from London last night, as it came through Norwich, and was here this
morning. Oh, oh, oh ! too late ! "
   Poor little Mowcher turned so chilly after all her crying and fretting,
that she turned round on the fender, putting her poor l~ttlewet feet in
among the ashes to warm them, and sat looking at the fire, like a large
doll. I sat in a chair on the other side of the hearth, lost in unhappy
reflections, and looking at the fire too, and sometimes at her.
