               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 him for a month. He promised to communicate with me, when anything
 befel him; and he slung his bag about him, took his hat and stick, and
 bade us both " Good bye ! "
    " All good attend you, dear old woman," he said, embracing Peggotty,

 "and you too, Mas'r Davy ! " shaking hands with me. " I 'm a going to
 seek her, fur and wide. If she should come home while I ' m away,-but
 ah, that ain't like to be !-or if I should bring her back, my meaning is,
 that she and me shall live and die where no one can't reproach her. If
any hurt should come to me, remember that the last words I left for her
was, 'My unchanged love is with my darling child, and I forgive her !' "
   He said this solemnly, bare-headed ; then, putting on his hat, he went
down the stairs, and away. We followed to the door. I t was a warm,
dusty evening, just the time when, in the great main thoroughfare out of
which that bye-way turned, there was a temporary lull in the eternal tread
of feet upon the pavement, and a strong red sunshine. He turned, alone, at
the corner of our shady street, into a glow of light, in which we lost him.
   Rarely did that hour of the evening come, rarely did I wake at night,
rarely did I look up at the moon, or stars, or watch the falling rain, or
hear the wind, but I thought of his solitary figure toiling on, poor pilgrim,
and recalled the words :
   " I ' m a going to seek her, fur and wide. If any hurt should come
to me, remember that the last words I left for her was, 'My unchanged
love is with my darling child, and I forgive her !' "




                          CHAPTER XXXIII.
                                 BLISSFUL.

   ALL this time, I had gone on loving Dora, harder than ever. Her idea
was my refuge in disappointment and distress, and made some amends to
me, even for the loss of my friend. The more I pitied myself, or pitied
others, the more I sought for consolation in the image of Dora.
The greater the accumulation of deceit and trouble in the world, the
brighter and the purer shone the star of Dora high above the world.
I don't think I had any definite idea where Dora came from, or in what
degree she was related to a higher order of beings ; but I am quite sure I
should have scouted the notion of her being simply human, like any other
young lady, with indignation and contempt.
   If I may so express it, I was steeped in Dora. I was not merely over
head and ears in love with her, but I was saturated through and through.
Enough love might have been wrung out of me, metaphorically speaking,
to drown anybody in ; and yet there would have remained enough within
me, and all over me, to pervade my entire existence.
   The first thing I did, on my own account, when I came back, was to
