24                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.
--                                                                     -   P    -                                          -


                   NISSEN AND PARKER,
   STATIONERS, ENGRAVERS, PRINTERS AND PUBLISHERS, ACCOUNT BOOK
                        MANUFACTURERS, &c.
                       No. 43, Mark Lane, Great Tower Street, London,
   RESPECTFULLY     direct the attention of Bankers, Merchants, and Public Companies t o their Establishment,
a s above, for the supply of
                            EVERY ARTICLE FOR T H E COUNTING-HOUSE.
Experience, extending over twenty years, enables them to o5er many advantagesin quality and price. I n large
Mercantile Establishments, the Stationery Department, whilst i t involves a considerable outlay, and interferes
greatly with the comfort of those employed, seldom receives the attention which its importance demands,
from the fact of few Stationers having combined under one Establishment, Printing i n LETTER-PRESS.
LITHOGRAPHY and COPPER-PLATE, the Manufacture of ACCOUNT-BOOKS, and the supply of the more
minute articles for the Office, in addition to the various descriptions of Paper.
   NISSEN & PARKER, with a thorough knowledge of the trade, executing every branch on the Premises, beg
respectfully t o state,that all business entrusted t o their care will receive(f0r the smallest order)the most strict
attention; any article not thoroughly approved i s immediately exchanged, and in all cases the utmost exertion
used t o give satisfaction. The extraordinary fact, that upwards of One Thousand Banking and Mercantile
Firms have openedaccounts with this Establishment i n the short space of four years, IS submitted a s a guarantee
for the mode in which the business i s carried out.



                                      ACCOUNT BOOKS.
  These Books are made of the finest PAPEBS,ruled by machinery (printed if required), and bound with loose
backs, in forril, calf, vellum, and russia, with bands for extra strength, and with or without brass edging, locks
or bolt clasps, upon a N E W A N D IMPROVED PRINCIPLE,          U N I T I N G EVERY S H E E T OF P A P E R M O R E CLOSELY A N D
PERMANENTLY TOGETHER THAN C O U L D POSSIBLY BE EFFECTED B Y THE O L D SYSTEM OF ACCOUNT BOOK
BrNDrNG; whilst the particular desideratum of the books opening with a perfectly flat surface, is (by the
method of binding adopted by N. & P ) obtained with the greatest facility, and the freqnent severing of the
sections entirely obviated, rendering it impossible to detach the leaves, except by tearing them away.
  An extensive assortment of Account Books, always ready for immediate dispatch, ruled to all the usual
mercantile patterns, and bound in calf, vellum, or russia.
    Ledgers.                                 Letter books.                                   Wharf order books.
    Journals.                                Order ditto.                                    Permit ditto.
    Day books.                               Bill ditto.                                     Parcel ditto.
    Bought day books.                        Contract ditto.                                 Cargo ditto.
     Sold ditto.                             Postage ditto.                                  Log ditto.
    Waste ditto.                             Diaries.                                        I\letallic memorandum ditto.
    Cash ditto.                              Memorandum books.                               Ullage ditto.
    Petty Cash ditto.                        Account current ditto.                          Gauge ditto.
    Invoice ditto.                                       sale ditto.                         Wine and spirit stock ditto.
     Guard ditto.                            ~ o c c o r d e ditto.
                                                             r                                    &c.        &c.
     Books for the East Indies, prepared especially for protection from the destructiveness of the White Ant.
         BANKERS, MERCHANTS, MEMBERS O F PARLIAMENT, AND OTHERS, REQUIRING
                               STATIONERY, WILL FIND AT THIS ADDRESS,
        EVERY ARTICLE FOR TNE COUNTING IEOUSE OR LIBRARY,
Of the finest quality.-Letter and Note Papers, Envelopes (with o r without stamped addresses), Foreign
Copying Papers, India Letter Papers, Dispatch and Deed Boxes, Cloth Envelopes, &c., &c., &c.
                                                               --
                                  BANKERS' CHEQUES.
   NISSEN & PARKER solicit inspection of their Printing for BANKCHEQUES,                  On terms considerably lower
than any that have yet been offered by the trade. The enormous prices that have been kept up by the London
houses have long been a n objection in establishments where the cousumptlon of Cheques and Credit Letters
is e x t e h v e ; and in thus striking a t the root of an evil that has hitherto met with but little opposition, Nlsssn
&PARKER humbly solicit a small portion of public patronage, assuring those houses who may favour them
with their confidence, that all orders will be executed with the greatest dispatch, and with strict attention to
the beauty of the work, and also with a desire t o exchange or take back,all goods that may not meet with
thorough approbation.-Upwards of one hundred banking-houses are supphed from thls establishment.


                                      . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..                            ..   ..    .. .
CHEQUES,on tinted paper, (secure from any alteration by the application of acids,) per ream of 4,800,
     including all charges for engraving, &c.                                                                  &2 15 0
Ditto, o n same paper, but printed from type                                                                     2 5 0

                              . . . . . . . . . . .. . ..
                [Bound i n slip books, Id. each, and %umbered consecutively, a t a small additional charge.]

                                                                                                  ..   ..    .. ...
CREDITLETTERS,per 1.000, on tinted paper, letter size, half-sheets                                                1 12 6
Ditto, printed from type
                          ,                         ~9
                                                                   .
                                                                   .
CREDITLETTERS,per 1,000, incolours, on white paper, letter size, half-sbeets
                                                                            flyleaf
                                                                                                                  1 5 0
                                                                                                                 2 0 6
                                                                                                                  212 o
CoPvrno I N K(more certain in its effects than any yet introduced), pts. 18s., qts. 38s. per d0Z.
COPYINGPAPER(finest French), per ream, 9s.; half-ream, 4s. 6d. ; quarter-ream, 2s. 6d.
COPYINGLETTER BOOKS,for taking copies direct from the macblne. neatly and strongly half-bound, with
   index, and every book paged i n type, 68.6d., 98.6d., 12s.6d., and 15s.each.
     NISSEN & PARKER, No. 43, Mark Lane, Corner of Great Tower Street, London.
