        I n one handsome volume, folio music size, price 11. Is, cloth gilt,

THE ILLUSTRATED BOOK OF BRITISH SONG,
   WITH PIANO-FORTE ACCOMPANIMENTS, AND BIOGRAPHICAL AND HISTORICAL h'OTES,

                        BY GEORGE HOOARTH, ESQ.

  This Work contains upwards of Sixty Popular Songs, from the Worlcs of PURCELL,
ARNE,SHIELD,HANDEL,     JACKSON,  STORAGE, and others. Each Song illustrated by
an eminent Artist.
  The Drawings by l\Isanows, PICKERSGILL, FRANKLIX, WARREN,   TOPHAX,  HOOK, &c.
The Engravings by DALZIEL,  LANDELLS, LINTON,  MEASOM,  NICHOLLS, and others.
  A Second Series of this work is now in course of publication.



                            Price Two Shillings, sewed,

                    ONE HUNDRED ROUNDS,
    FOR TWO,        THREE,       FOUR,      FIVE,    A N D S I X VOICES.

                   COMPILED, ADAPTED, AND PARTLY COMPOSED,

                         BY CHARLES H. PURDAY.
  Most of these Rounds are new to the British Public in their present shape;
some have had new words adapted to them ; and others are original, both in words
and music.


       Complete in three volumes, super-royal avo. price 11. 12s. cloth,

                THE PEOPLE'S MUSIC BOOK.
PRINCIPALLY ARRANGED FOR FOUR VOICES, AND AN ACCOiWPANIMENT FOR THE
                            ORGAN OR PIANO-FORTE.

  By JAMES TURLE, Esq. Organist of Westminster Abbey; and EDWARD
             TAYLOR, Esq. Gresham Professor of Music.

                      THE VOLUMES MAY BE HAD SEPARATELY.

      I.-PSALM TUNES          . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8s.
     11.-SACRED IIUSIC, CHANTS, Src.      . . . . . . . . . 12s.
    111.-SONGS, DUETTS, TRIOS, GLEES, MADRIGALS, kc.      . 12s.

            I n oblong royal quarto, price Six Shillings, sewed,

                      MOZART'S REQUIEM,
His last and greatest Work, adapted to English Frords, selected chiefly from the
             Scriptures, and approved by Ecclesiastical Dignitaries.


              A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
         LONDON:                                 ROW.
