                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           179
boy in the school; and though he never took an active part in any game
but kite-flying, was as deeply interested in all our sports as any one among
us. How often have I seen him, intent upon a match at marbles or
pegtop, looking on with a face of unutterable interest, and hardly breathing
at the critical times ! How often, at hare and hounds, have I seen him
mounted on a little knoll, cheering the whole field on to action, and waving
his hat above his grey head, oblivious of King Charles the Martyr's head,
and all belonging to it ! How many a summer-hour have I known to be but
blissful minutes to him in the cricket-field ! How many winter days have I
seen him, standing blue-nosed in the snow and east wind, looking at the
boys going down the long slide, and clapping his worsted gloves in rapture!
    He was an universal favorite, and his ingenuity in little things was
transcendant. He could cut oranges into such devices as none of us had
an idea of. He could make a boat out of anything, from a skewer
upwards. He could turn crampbones into chessmen; fashion Roman
chariots from old court cards ; make spoked wheels out of cotton reels,
and birdcages of old wire. But he was greatest of all, perhaps, in the
articles of string and straw ; with which we were all persuaded he could
do anything that could be done by hands.
    Mr. Dick's renown was not long confined to us. After a few Wednes-
days, Doctor Strong himself made some inquiries of me about him, and I
told him all my aunt had told me ; which interested the Doctor so much
that he requested, on the occasion of his next visit, to be presented to
him. This ceremony I performed ; and the Doctor begging Mr. Dick,
whensoever he should not find me at the coach-office, to come on there,
and rest himself until our morning's work was over, it soon passed into a
custom for Mr. Dick to come on as a matter of course, and, if we were a
little late, as often happened on a Wednesday, to walk about the court-
yard, waiting for me. Here he made the acquaintance of the Doctor's
beautiful young wife (paler than formerly, all this time ; more rarely seen
by me or any one, I think; and not so gay, but not less beautiful), and so
became more and more familiar by degrees, until, at last, he would come
into the school and wait. H e always sat in a particular corner, on a par-
ticular stool, which was called "Dick," after him; here he would sit, with his
grey head bent forward, attentively listening to whatever might be going on,
with a profoundveneration for the learning he had never been able to acquire.
    This veneration Mr. Dick extended to the Doctor, whom he thought
the most subtle and accomplished philosopher of any age. I t was long
before Mr. Dick ever spoke to him otherwise than bare-headed; and even
when he and the Doctor had struck up quite a friendship, and would walk
together by the hour, on that side of the courtyard which was known
among us as The Doctor's Walk, Mr. Dick would pull off his hat at
intervals to show his respect for wisdom and knowledge. How it ever
came about, that the Doctor began to read out scraps of the famous
Dictionary, in these walks, I never knew ; perhaps he felt it all the same,
at first, as reading to himself. However, it passed into a custom too ; and
Mr. Dick, listening with a face shining with pride and pleasure, in his heart
of hearts believed the Dictionary to be the most delightful book in the world.
   As I think of them going up and down before those school-room
windows-the Doctor reading with his complacent smile, an occasional
                                      N 2
