372            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 more I tired myself, the more I was doing to deserve Dora. I had not
 revealed myself in my altered character to Dora get, because she was
 coming to see Miss Mills in a few days, and I deferred all I had to tell
 her until then ; merely informing her in my letters (all our communica-
 tions were secretly forwarded through Miss Mills), that I had much to tell
 her. I n the meantime, I put myself on a short allowance of bear's grease,
 wholly abandoned scented soap and lavender water, and sold off three
 waistcoats at a prodigious sacrifice, as being too luxurious for my stern
 career.
    Not satisfied with all these proceedings, but burning with impatience
 to do something more, I went to see Traddles, now lodging up behind the
 parapet of a house in Castle Street, Holborn. Mr. Dick, who had been
 with me to Highgate twice already, and had resumed his companionship
 with the Doctor, I took with me.
    I took Mr. Dick with me, because, acutely sensitive to my aunt's
 reverses, and sincerely believing that no galley-slave or convict worked as
 I did, he had begun to fret and worry himself out of spirits and appetite,
 as having nothing useful to do. Tu this condition, he felt more incapable
 of finishing the Memorial than ever ; and the harder he worked at it, the
 oftener that unlucky head of I&lt;ing Charles the First got into it. Seriously
 apprehending that his malady would increase, unless we put some innocent
 deception upon him and caused him to believe that he was useful, or
unless we could put him in the way of being really useful (which would
be better), I made up my mind to try if Traddles could help us. Before
we went, 1wrote Traddles a full statement of all that had happened, and
Traddles wrote me back a capital answer, expressive of his sympathy and
friendship.
    We found him hard at work with his inkstand and papers, refreshed by
the sight of the flowerpot-stand and the little round table in a corner of the
 small apartment. He received us cordially, and made friends with Mr.
Dick in a moment. Mr. Dick professed an absolute certainty of having
 seen him before, and we both said, " Very likely."
    The first subject on which I had to consult Traddles was this.-I had
heard that many men distinguished in various pursuits had begun life
by reporting the debates in Parliament. Traddles having mentioned news-
papers to me, as one of his hopes, I had put the two things together,
and told Traddles in my letter that I wished to know how I could
qualify myself for this pursuit. Traddles now informed me, as the result
of his inquiries, that the mere mechanical acquisition necessary, except
in rare cases, for thorough excellence in it, that is to say, a perfect and
entire command of the mystery of short-hand writing and reading, was
about equal in difficulty to the mastery of six languages; and that it
might perhaps be attained, by dint of perseverance, in the course of a
few years. Traddles reasonably supposed that this would settle the
business; but I, only feeling that here indeed were a few tall trees to be
hewn down, immediately resolved to work my way on to Dora through
this thicket, axe in hand.
    " I am very much obliged to you, my dear Traddles ! " said I. " I'll
begin to-morrow."
   Traddles looked astonished, as he well might; but he had no notion as
yet of my rapturous condition.
