178            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " I suppose history never lies, does it ?" said Mr. Dick, with a gleam
of hope.
    " Oh dear, no, sir ! " I replied, most decisively. I was ingenuous and
young, and I thought so.
    " I can't make it out," said Mr. Dick, shaking his head. " There's
something wrong, somewhere. However, it was very soon after the
mistake was made of putting some of the trouble out of King Charles's
head into my head, that the man first came. I was walking out with Miss
Trotwood after tea, just at dark, and there he was, close to our house."
    " Walking about ? " I inquired.
    " Walking about ? " repeated Mr. Dick. "Let me see. I must recol-
lect a bit. N-no, no ; he was not walking about."
    I asked, as the shortest way to get at it, what he mas doing.
    " Well, he wasn't there at all," said Mr. Dick, "until he came up behind
her, and whispered. Then she turned round and fainted, and I stood still
and looked at him, and he walked away ; but that he should have been hiding
ever since (in the ground or somewhere), is the most extraordinary thing!"
    " Haa he been hiding ever since? " I asked.
    " To be sure he has," retorted Mr. Dick, nodding his head gravely.

" Never came out, till last night ! We were walking last night, and he
came up behind her again, and I knew him again."
    " And did he frighten my aunt again? "
    " All of a shiver,"   said Mr. Dick, counterfeiting that affection and
making his teeth chatter. '&lt; Held by the palings. Cried. But Trotwood,
come here," getting me close to him, that he might whisper very softly;
" why did she give him money, boy, in the moonlight ? "
    " H e was a beggar, perhaps."
    Mr. Dick shook his head, as utterly renouncing the suggestion; and
having replied a great many times, and with great confidence, " No
beggar, no beggar, no beggar, sir ! " went on to say, that from his window
he had afterwards, and late at night, seen my aunt give this person money
outside the garden rails in the moonlight, who then slunk away-into the
ground again, as he thought probable-and was seenno more: while my aunt
came hurriedly and secretly back into the house, and had, even that morning,
been quite different from her usual self; which preyed on Mr. Dick's mind.
    I had not the least belief, in the outset of this story, that the unknown
was anything but a delusion of Mr. Dick's, and one of the line of that
ill-fated Prince who occasioned him so much difficulty; but after some re-
flection I began to entertain the question whether an attempt, or threat of an
attempt, might have been twice made to take poor Mr. Dick himself from
under my aunt's protection, and whether my aunt, the strength of whose
kind feeling towards him I knew from herself, might have been induced
to pay a price for his peace and quiet. As I was already much attached to
Mr. Dick, and very solicitous for his welfare, my fears favored this sup-
position; and for a long time his Wednesday hardly ever came round,
without my entertaining a misgiving that he would not be on the coach-
box as usual. There he always appeared, however, grey-headed, laughing,
and happy; and he never had anything more to tell of the man who
could frighten my aunt.
    These Wednesdays were the happiest days of Mr. Dick's life; they were
far from being the least happy of mine. He soon became known to every
