                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         437
walked twice or thrice across the room. Presently he returned to where
his chair stood ; and, leaning on the back of it, and occasionally putting
his handkerchief to his eyes, with a simple honesty that did him more
honor, to my thinking, than any disguise he could have affected, said :
   "I have been much to blame. I believe I have been very much to
blame. I have exposed one whom I hold in my heart, to trials and
aspersions-I     call them aspersions, even to have been conceived in
anybody's inmost mind-of which she never, but for me, could have been
the object."
   Uriah EIeep gave a kind of snivel. I think to express sympathy.
   "Of which my Annie," said the Doctor, "never, but for me, could
have been the object. Gentlemen, I am old now, as you know; I do
not feel, to-night, that I have much to live for. But my life-my Life-
upon the truth and honor of the dear lady who has been the subject of
this conversation ! "
   I do not think that the best embodiment of chivalry, the realisation
of the handsomest and most romantic figure ever imagined by painter,
could have said this, with a more impressive and affecting dignity than
the plain old Doctor did.
    "But I am not prepared," he went on, "to deny-perhaps I may
have been, without knowing it, in some degree prepared to admit-that
I may have unwittingly ensnared that lady into an unhappy marriage.
I am a man quite unaccustomed to observe ; and I cannot but believe
that the observation of several people, of different ages and positions, all
too plainly tending in one direction (and that so natural), is better than
mine."
   I had often admired, as I have elsewhere described, his benignant
manner towards his youthful wife ; but the respectful tenderness he
manifested in every reference to her on this occasion, and the almost
reverential manner in which he put away from him the lightest doubt
of her integrity, exalted him, in my eyes, beyond description.
   " I married that lady," said the Doctor, "when she was extremely
young. I took her to myself when her character was scarcely formed.
So far as it was developed, it had been my happiness to form it. I knew
her father well. I knew her well. I had taught her what I could, for
the love of all her beautiful and virtuous qualities. If I did her wrong ;
as I fear I did, in taking advantage (but I never meant it) of her
 gratitude and her affection ; I ask pardon of that lady, in my heart !"
    H e walked across the room, and came back to the same place; holding
the chair with a grasp that trembled, like his subdued voice, in its
earnestness.
    " I regarded myself     as a refuge, for her, from the dangers and
 vicissitudes of life. I persuaded myself that, unequal though we were in
 years, she would live tranquilly and contentedly with me. I did not shut
 out of my consideration the time when I should leave her free, and still
 young and still beautiful, but with her judgment more matured-no,
 gentlemen-upon my truth ! "
    His homely figure seemed to be lightened up by his fidelity and
 generosity. Every word he uttered had a force that no other grace could
 have imparted to it.
