28                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                                      .-.
                                                                                            -.

                                    J u s t Published, in One Vol., avo, 6s. 6d.,

     H O M E O P A T H Y IN A C U T E DISEASES,
                                       WITH NUMEROUS CASES.
                   BY STEPHEN YELDHAM, M.R.C.S., &c.
 " The well-narrated experience of a legitimate practitioner."-Jerrold's Weekly Newspaper.
 "We recommend this work t o the earnest consideration of the professional world."-Morning Herald.
 "Evidently the production of a gentleman, one well skilled in his profession."-St. James's Chronicle.
 "The style throughout is free, flowing, quiet, and elegant."-Liverpool Chronicle.
             H. BAILLIERE, 219, Regent-street, and AYLOTT & JONES, 8, Paternoster-row.

       BIELEFELD'S PAPIER M A C H E ,                       Just published, avo, price IS., o r sent by post free
                                                                                    for Is. 6d.,
The superiority of which, for Architectural Decora-            BIELEFELD'S TARIFF OF PAPIER M A C H E
tions,is proved by the fact of its extensive application                            FRAMES,
in this and other countries. A 4to volume is pub-
lished, price I(., with a Tariff, containing upwards        Containing 114 Engravings, including the machine
of 1000 Designs, most of them executed for works            made Frame Mouldings, which may be bad in 12-ft.
designed by eminent architects.                             lengths, without join, or made up complete.
Patronisedby theHon.Commissionersof WerMajesty's              "The frames of Mr. Rielefeld possess the best cha-
                  Woods and Works.                          racteristic of fine carving."-Art-Union Journal.
   "This is unquestionably a most valuable inven-             "The work Mr. Bielefeld has perfected is one of
tion."-Lilerary   Gazette.                                  remarkable elaborateness and beauty."
                                                                                                   Douglas Jerrold.
   The Works, 15, Wellington Street, North Strand.
-                                                                  By Her Majesty's Royal Letters Patent.
                                                              The Works, 15, Wellington Street North, Strand.
              ONLY ONE SHILLING.
T H E          LADIES'           PAPETERIE ;                      HAND-BOOK FOR T H E CONTINENT.
      containing 12 sheets quarto ivory letter paper ;        Second edition, this day, in a neat pocket volume,
12 sheets octavo ivory note. l a sheets Queen's note.                 380 pages, price 5s., neatly bound,
36 envelopes, 12 for each' size, and 36 medallioi
wafers. Sold only by J. FIELD, a t his cheap Book
and Stationery Warehouse, 65, REGENT'S    QUADRANT,
corner Of Air-stre t.-J. FIELDhas now on Sale an
                                                             TH E          FRENCH PROMPTER, a
                                                                    complete Hand-book of Conversation, arranged
                                                             in alphabetical order, so a s t o obvlate all difficultyof
extensive collection of Bibles, Prayer Books, and            reference each English word is followed by the
Church Services, plain and elegantly bound in mo-            phrases ahdidiomatic French in constant use, forming
rocco, velvet and gothic bindings. Albums, Scrap             a perfect English and French dictionary, and a com-
Books Miscellaneous Juvenile, and Illustrated                plete Conversation Lexicon. By Mons. LE PAOE,
Work; suitable for seLvoyages, school prizes birth-          author of " L'Echo de Paris," " Petlt Mns6e de
day presents, and the drawing-room table, i d every          Litterature Franpaise."
variety of binding. and a t agreat reduction from the          "The most useful manual ever published for tra.
published prices.-65,   Regent's-quadrant, corner of         vel1ers."-Atlas.
Air-street.                                                  London : EFFINOHAM      WILSON,11, Royal Exchange.


RELIANCE MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY.
              No. 71, KING WILLIAM STREET, MANSION HOUSE, LONDON.
                                                  DIRECTORS.

                      i
George Ashlin, Esq. John Ledger, E S ~ .        i
Vernon Abbott, Esq. H. J. Hall Es~..R.N. R. Lutwidge, ~ s q . C. H. Smith, Esq.
Lieut. Colonel Abdy John ami is, Esq.           Wm phelps Esq. James Traill. Esq.
                                                H. T. prinseP, Esq. W. Foster White, Esq.
     The entire profits divided among the assured.-Equal, half premium, increasing o r decreasing Scales.
                      Assurances by single payments or by payments for limited periods.
   Premiums payable annually, half-yearly, or quart;?rly.-~ahles for the army, navy, East India Company,
                                              and merchant service.
  The bonus declared on the 30th March, 1817, gave a reduction of premiums until next divisjon of profits
averaging 36 per cent. on policies in force five years, or a n addition to the sums assured, ranging from one
third to one half of the total amount of premiums paid.
                                                                 E. OSBORN SMITH, Actuary and Secretary.




                            p
                                   AND SHOW ROOMS.
                            1   JENNENS & BETTRIDGE,
                                MANUFACTURERS, BY DISTINCT APPOINTMENT,
                      H E R MAJESTY, H. R. H. PRINCE ALBERT, & T H E ROYAL
                                               FAMILY.
                          6, HALKIN-STREET  WEST,BELGRAVE-SQUARE,            ;
                                                                        LONDON
                                      AND ALSO AT BIRMINGHAM.
                      these Works are manufactured Papier MLch6 Trays, Tables, Chairs,
                                   Cabinets, Desks, Inkstands, &c., &c.

  JENNENS & BETTRIDGE'S manufactures can be had at the establishments above named, and of the
principal wholesale and retail houses in the United Kingdom: and also of their correspondents in every
important city i n the world.
  N.B.-A11   goods marked " JENNENS & BETTRIDGE"are warranted.
  Strangers of respectability visiting Birmingham may inspect these works, and obtain introductions t o the
other establishments of interest.
