                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          463
     And his beautiful wife is a star," said Mr. Dick. " A shining star.
 I have seen her shine, sir. Bat," bringing his chair nearer, and laying
  one hand upon my knee-" clouds, sir-clouds."
     I answered the solicitude which his face expressed, by conveying the
 same expression into my own, and shaking my head.
     " What clouds ? " said Mr. Dick.
     He looked so wistfully into my face, and was so anxious to understand,
 that I took great pains to answer him slolvly and distinctly, as I might
 have entered on an explanation to a child.
    " There is some unfortunate division between them," I replied. "Some
 unhappy cause of separation. A secret. I t may be inseparable from the
 discrepancy in their years. I t may have grown up out of almost
 nothing."
    !&.Dick, who told off every sentence with a thoughtful nod, paused
 when I had done, and sat considering, with his eyes upon my face, and
 his hand upon my knee.
    "Doctor not angry with her, Trotwood? " he said, after some time.
    " No. Devoted to her."
    "Then, I have got it, boy ! " said Mr. Dick.
    The sudden exultation with which he slapped me on the knee, and
leaned back in his chair, with his eyebrows lifted up as high as he could
possibly lift them, made me think him farther out of his wits than ever.
 He became as suddenly grave again, and leaning forward as before, said-
first respectfully taking out his pocket-handkerchief, as if it really did
represent my aunt :
    "Most wonderful woman in the world, Trotwood. Why has she done
nothing to set things right ? "
    " Too delicate and difficult a subject for such interference," I replied.
    "Fine scholar," said Mr. Dick, touching me with his finger. " Why
has he done nothing."
   "For the same reason," I returned.
   " Then, I have got it, boy ! " said Mr. Dick.      And he stood up before
me, more exultingly than before, nodding his head, and striking himself
repeatedly upon the breast, ~ m t i lone might have supposed that he had
nearly nodded and struck all the breath out of his body.
   " A poor fellow with a craze, sir," said Mr. Dick, " a simpleton, a weak-

minded person-present       company, you know ! " striking himself again,
" may do what wonderful people may not do.          I'll bring them together,
boy. I'll try. They '11 not blame me. They '11 not object to me. They '11
not mind what I do, if it 's wrong. I 'm only Mr. Dick. And who minds
Dick? Dick's nobody ! Whoa! " He blew a slight, contemptuous
breath, as if he blew himself away.
   I t was fortunate he had proceeded so far with his mystery, for we heard
the coach stop at the little garden gate, which brought my aunt and Dora
home.
   " Not a word, boy ! " he pursued in a whisper ; " leave all the blame
with Dick-simple Dick-mad Dick. I have been thinking, sir, for Eome
time that I was getting it, and now I have got it. After what you have
said to me, I am sure I have got it. All right ! "
   Not another word did Mr. Dick utter on the subject; but he made a
