               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    When we had our first great quarrel (within a week of our betrothal),
 and when Dora sent me back the ring, enclosed in a despairing cocked-
 hat note, wherein she used the terrible expression that " our love had
 begun in folly, and ended in madness ! " which dreadful words occasioned
 me to tear my hair, and cry that all was over !
    When, under cover of the night, I flew to Miss Mills, whom I saw by
 stealth in a back kitchen where there was a mangle, and implored Miss
Mills to interpose between us and avert insanity. When Miss Mills under-
took the office and returned with Dora, exhorting us, from the pulpit of
her own bitter youth, to mutual concession, and the avoidance of the Desert
of Sahara !
    When we cried, and made it up, and were so blest again, that the back-
kitchen, mangle and all, changed to Love's own temple, where we arranged
a plan of correspondence through Miss Mills, always to comprehend at
least one letter on each side every day !
    What an idle time ! What an unsubstantial, happy, foolish time ! Of all
the times of mine that Time has in his grip, there is none that in one
retrospection I can smile at half so much, and think of half so tenderly.




                         CHAPTER XXXIV.
                        MY AUNT ASTONISHES ME.

    I WROTE to Agnes as soon as Dora and I were engaged. I wrote her
 a long letter, in which I tried to make her comprehend how blest I was,
 and what a darling Dora was. I entreated Agnes not to regard this as
 a thoughtless passion which could ever yield to any other, or had the
 least resemblance to the boyish fancies that we used to joke about. I
 assured her that its profundity was quite unfathomable, and expressed my
 belief that nothing like it had ever been known.
    Somehow, as I wrote to Agnes on a fine evening by my open window,
 and the remembrance of her clear calm eyes and gentle face came stealing
 over me, it shed such a peaceful influence upon the hurry and agitation
 in which I had been living lately, and of which my very happiness partook
in some degree, that it soothed me into tears. I remember that I sat
 resting my head upon my hand, when the letter was half done, cherishing
 a general fancy as if Agnes were one of the elements of my natural home.
 As if, in the retirement of the house made almost sacred to me by her
presence, Dora and I must be happier than anywhere. As if, in love,
joy, sorrow, hope, or disappointment; in all emotions; my heart turned
 naturally there, and found its refuge and best friend.
    Of Steerforth, I said nothing. I only told her there had been sad grief
 at Yarmouth, on account of Emily's flight; and that on me it made a
