8                                   ADVERTISEMENTS.


                          PARASOLS.



                 W. A N D J. S A N G S T E R ,
                                Will, on the 1st of March, have the honour
                            of submitting to the Nobility, Gentry, and the
                            Public in general an entirely new Silk Parasol.
                            It will be perfectly plain, and much larger than
                            those worn last year, and, instead of being
                            fringed as formerly, it will be finished in a pe-
                            culiar style at once novel and elegant. These
                            Parasols will be extremely light, and very mo-
                            derate in price.
                                W. and J. SANGSTER       are making up an
                            extensive assortment of the Swiss Parasols,
                            which were so much worn last year, especially
                            a t the sea side ; upwards of 30,000 having been
                            sold in the course of the season.
                                Their stock will also comprise every variety
                            of Carriage and other Parasols. They trust
                            the quality and price of these goods will secure
                            to them a continuance of the patronage with
which they have been so long honoured,for an article forming in Summer so prominent a feature
in a Lady's Toilet, in the selection of which her taste is so conspicuously displayed.
        140, Regent-street ; 94, Fleet-street; 75, Cheapside ;
                       10, Royal Exchange.

    THE INVISIBLE V E N T I L A T I N G HEADS OF HAIR.

                                              THE HEAD.




                           From Ear to Ear   ..........

                             These inimitable works of art, for both Ladies and
                            Gentlemen, from One Guinea-and-a-half.




               nrnex,rs,                                  nu&L;iS
           NE P&US   %,*ffut NEED&ES,
              WlTH LARGE DRILLED EYES,
            I NE PWS OhmPtNS,
                            S O L I D HEADS.
                      W I T H PERlFECT
              Sold by every Draper,&c.in the Unitea Kingdom.
