                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

and, with a glance at Mr. Micawber, he went to it, and threw the doors
clanking open. I t was empty.
    "Where are the books ! " he cried, with a frightful face. " Some thief
has stolen the books ! "
    Mr. Micawber tapped himself with the ruler. " I did, when I got the
key from you as usual-but a little earlier-and opened it this morning."
    "Don't be uneasy," said Traddles. " They have come into my pos-
session. I will take care of them, under the authority I mentioned."
    " You receive stolen goods, do you? " cried Uriah.
    " Under such circumstances," answered Traddles, "yes."
    What was my astonishment when I beheld my aunt, who had been
profoundly quiet and attentive, make a dart at Uriah Heep, and seize him
by the collar with both hands !
    " You know what I want? " said my aunt.

    " A strait-waistcoat," said he.
      No. My property ! " returned my aunt. " Agnes, my dear, as long
as Ibelievedit had been really made away with by your father, I .wouldn't
-and, my dear, I didn't, even to Trot, as he knows-breathe a syllable
 of its having beenplaced here for investment. But, now I know this fellow's
 answerable for it, and I'll have it ! Trot, come and take it away from him !"
    Whether my aunt supposed, for the moment, that he kept her property
 in his neck-kerchief, I am sure I don't know ; but she certainly pulled at
 it as if she thought so. I hastened to put mjrself between them, and to
 assure her that we would all take care that he should make the utmost
restitution of everything he had wrongly got. This, and a few moments'
reflection, pacified her; but she was not at all disconcerted by what she
had done (though I cannot say as much for her bonnet) and resumed her
seat composedly.
    During the last few minutes, Mrs. Ileep had been clamoring to her
son to be " umble; " and had been going down on her knees to all of us
in snccession, and making the wildest promises. Her son sat her down in
his chair; and, standing sulkily by her, holding her arm with his hand,
but not rudely, said to me, with a ferocious look:
    " What do you want done ? "

    " I will tell you what must be done," said Traddles.

    " Has that Copperfield no tongue ? " muttered Uriah.        " I would do a
good deal for you if you could tell me, without lying, that somebody had
cut it out."
    "My Uriah means to be umble ! " cried his mother. " Don't mind
what he says, good gentlemen ! "
    "What must be done," said Traddles, "is this. First, the deed of relin-
quishment, that we have heard of, must be given over to me now-here."
    " Suppose I haven't got it," he interrupted.

    "But you have," said Traddles ; "therefore, you know, we won't sup-
pose so." And I cannot help avowing that this was the first occasion on
which I really did justice to the clear head, and the plain, patient, prac-
tical good sense, of my old schoolfellow. " Then," said Traddles, " you
must prepare to disgorge all that your rapacity has become possessed of,
and to make restoration to the last farthing. All the partnership books
and papers must remain in our possession ; all your boolts and papers ; all
money accounts and securities, of both kinds. I n short, everything here."
