214          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  " Why, yes," I said, " I must see Peggotty first of all."
  " Well," replied Steerforth, looking at his watch. " Suppose I deliver
you up to be cried over for a couple of hours. I s that long enough?"
    I answered, laughing, that I thought we might get through it in that
time, but that he must come also; for he would find that his renown
had preceded him, and that he was almost as great a personage as I was.
    " I'll come anywhere you like," said Steerforth, " or do anything you
like. Tell me where to come to ; and in two hours I'll produce myself
in any state you please, sentimental or comical."
    I gave him minute directions for finding the residence of Mr. Barkis,
carrier to Blunderstone and elsewhere, and, on this understanding, went out
alone. There was a sharp bracing air; the ground was dry; the sea
was crisp and clear ; the sun was diffusing abundance of light, if not much
warmth; and everything was fresh and lively. I was so fresh and lively
myself, in the pleasure of being there, that I could have stopped the
people in the streets and shaken hands with them.
    The streets looked small, of course. The streets that we have only seen
as children, always do, I believe, when we go back to them. But I had
forgotten nothing in them, and found nothing changed, until I came to
Mr. Omer's shop. OMERAND JORAM             was now written up, where OMER
used to be; but the inscription, DRAPER, TAILOR, HABERDASHER,
BUNERAL      FURNISHER,    &c., remained as it was.
    My footsteps seemed to tend so naturally to the shop-door, after I had
read these words from over the way, that I went across the road and looked
 in. There was a pretty woman at the back of the shop, dancing a little
 child in her arms, while another little fellow clung to her apron. I had no
 difficulty in recognising either Minnie or Minnie's children. The glass-
 door of the parlor was not open ; but in the workshop across the yard I
 could faintly hear the old tune playing, as if it had never left off.
    "Is Mr. Omer at home?" said I, entering. " I should like to see him,
 for a moment, if he is."
     " Oh yes, sir, he is at home," said Minnie; "this weather don't suit
 his asthma out of doors. Joe, call your grandfather ! "
    The little fellow, who was holding her apron, gave such a lusty shout,
that the sound of it made him bashful, and he buried his face in her skirts,
to her great admiration. I heard a heavy puffing and blowing coming
 towards us, and soon Mr. Omer, shorter-winded than of yore, but not
much older-looking, stood before me.
    " Servant, sir," said Mr. Omer. " What can I do for you, sir? "
    " You can shake hands with me, Mr. Omer, if you please," said I,
putting out my own. "You were very good-natured to me once, when I
 am afraid I didn't show that I thought so."
    "Was I though? " returned the old man. " I ' m glad to hear it,
 but I don't remember when. Are you sure it was me? "
    " Quite."
    " I think my memory has got as short as my breath," said Mr. Omer,
 looking at me and shaking his head ; "for I don't remember you."
     "Don't you remember your coming to the coach to meet me, and my
  having breakfast here, and our riding out to Blunderstone together:
  you, and I, and Mrs. Joram, and Mr. Joram too-who wasn't her
 husband then ? "
