                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           4.7 3
  which, strange to say, there was get something feminine and alluring: with
  which she reclined upon the seat between us, and looked at me, was
 worthy of a cruel Princess in a Legend.
    ii Now," said she, imperiously, without glancing at him, and touching

 the old wound as it throbbed : perhaps, in this instance, with pleasure
 rather than pain. " Tell Mr. Copperfield about the flight."
       Mr. James and myself, ma'am-"
    ii Don't address yourself to me ! " she interrupted, with a frown.

    " Mr. James and myself, sir-"

    " Nor to me, if you please," said I.

    Mr. Littimer, without being at all discomposed, signified by a slight
 obeisance, that anything that was most agreeable to us was most agreeable
 to him ; and began again :
    "Mr. James and myself have been abroad with the young woman, ever
 since she left Yarmouth under Mr. James's protection. We have been in
 a variety of places, and seen a deal of foreign country. We have been in
France, Switzerland, Italy, in fact, almost all parts."
    He looked at the back of the seat, as if he were addressing himself
to that; and softly played upon it with his hands, as if he were striking
chords upon a dumb piano.
    " Mr. James took quite uncommonly to the young woman; and was
more settled, for a length of time, than I have known him to be since I
have been in his service. The young woman was very improvable, and
spoke the languages ; and wouldn't have been known for the same country-
person. I noticed that she was much admired wherever we went."
    Miss Dartle put her hand upon her side. I saw him steal a glance at
her, and slightly smile to himself.
    " Very much admired, indeed, the young woman was.         What with her
dress; what with the air and sun; what with being made so much of;
what with this, that, and the other; her merits really attracted general
notice."
    He made a short pause. Her eyes wandered restlessly over the distant
prospect, and she bit her nether lip to stop that busy mouth.
    Taking his hands from the seat, and placing one of them within the
other, as he settled himself on one leg, Mr. Littimer proceeded, with his
eyes cast down, and his respectable head a little advanced, and a little on
one side :
    " The young woman went on in this manner for some time, being
occasionally low in her spirits, until I think she began to weary Mr. James
by giving way to her low spirits and tempers of that kind ; and things
were not so comfortable. Mr. James he began to be restless again. The
more restless he got, the worse she got ; and I must say, for myself, that I
had a very difficult time of it indeed between the two. Still matters were
patched up here, and made good there, over and over again ; and altogether
lasted, I am sure, for a longer time than anybody could have expected."
    Recalling her eyes from the distance, she looked at me again now, with
her former air. Nr. Littimer, clearing his throat behind his hand with a
respectable short-cough, changed legs, and went on :
    " At last, when there had been, upon the whole, a good many words
