190           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

over my eyes ; and I should be very dull, but that Agnes is a sister to me,
and condoles with me, and reads to me, and makes the time light and
happy. Agnes has my confidence completely, always; I tell her all about
the butcher, and the wrongs he has heaped upon me; and she thinks I
couldn't have done otherwise than fight the butcher, while she shrinks and
trembles at my having fought him.
   Time has stolen on unobserved, for Adams is not the head-boy in the
days that are come now, nor has he been this many and many a day.
Adams has left the school so long, that when he comes back, on a visit to
Doctor Strong, there are not many there, besides myself, who know him.
Adams is going to be called to the bar almost directly, and is to be an
advocate, and to wear a wig. I am surprised to find him a meeker man
than I had thought, and less imposing in appearance. H e has not stag-
gered the world yet, either; for it goes on (as well as I can make out)
pretty much the same as if he had never joined it.
   A blank, through which the warriors of poetry and history march on
in stately hosts that seem to have no end-and what comes next! I
am the head boy, now ; and look down on the line of boys below me, with a
condescending interest in such of them as bring to my mind the boy I was
myself, when I first came there. That little fellow seems to be no part of
me ; I remember him as something left behind upon the road of life-as
something I have passed, rather than have actually been-and almost think
of him as of some one else.
   And the little girl I saw on that first day at Mr. Wickfield's, where is
she? Gone also. I n her stead, the perfect likeness of the picture, a
child likeness no more, moves about the house; and Agnes-my sweet
sister, as I call her in my thoughts, my counsellor and friend, the better
angel of the lives of all who come within her calm, good, self-denying
influence-is quite a woman.
   What other changes have come upon me, besides the changes in my
growth and looks, and in the knowledge I have garnered all this while ?
I wear a gold watch and chain, a ring upon my little finger, and a long-
tailed coat; and I use a great deal of bear's grease-which, taken in
conjunction with the ring, looks bad. Am I in love again? I am. I
worship the eldest Miss Larkins.
   The eldest Miss Larkins is not a little girl. She is a tall, dark, black-
eyed, fine figure of a woman. The eldest Miss Larkins is not a chicken ;
for the youngest Miss Larkins is not that, and the eldest must be three or
four years older. Perhaps the eldest Miss Larkins may be about thirty.
My passion for her is beyond all bounds.
    The eldest Miss Larkins knows officers. I t is an awful thing to bear. I
 see them speaking to her in the street. I see them cross the way to meet
her, when her bonnet (she has a bright taste in bonnets) is seen coming
 down the pavement, accompanied by her sister's bonnet. She laughs and
talks, and seems to like it. I spend a good deal of my own spare time in
walking up and down to meet her. If I can bow to her once in the day (I
know her to bow to, knowing Mr. Larkins), I am happier. I deserve a bow
now and then. The raging agonies I suffer on the night of the Race Ball,
where I know the eldest Miss Larkinswill be dancing with the military, ought
 to have some compensation, if there be even-handed justice in the world.
    My passion takes away my appetite, and makes me wear my newest
