                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  devoted the whole afternoon to the composition of the draft of this
 letter; for which great purpose, Agnes relinquished her desk to me. But
  first I went down stairs to see Mr. Wickfield and Uriah Heep.
      I found Uriah in possession of a new, plaster-smelling office, built out in
 the garden; looking extraordinarily mean, in the midst of a quantity of
 books and papers. He received me in his usual fawning way, and pre-
 tended not to have heard of my arrival from Mr. Micawber ; a pretence
 I took the liberty of disbelieving. He accompanied me into Mr.
 Wickfield's room, which was the shadow of its former self-having been
 divested of a variety of conveniences, for the accommodation of the
 new partner-and        stood before the fire, warming his back, and shaving
 his chin with his bony hand, while Mr. Wickfield and I exchanged
 greetings.
      " You stay with us, Trotwood, while you remain in Canterbury? " said
 Mr. Wickfield, not without a glance at Uriah for his approval.
      " I s there room for me ? " said I.

      " I am sure, Master Copperfield-I     should say Mister, but the other
 comes so natural," said Uriah,--" I would turn out of your old room with
 pleasure, if it would be agreeable."
      " No, no," said Mr. Wickfield. " Why should you be inconvenienced ?
 There 's another room. There's another room."
      " Oh, but you know," returned Uriah, with a grin, "I should really be
delighted ! "
     To cut the matter short, I said I would have the other room or none at
 all ; so it was settled that I should have the other room : and, taking my
leave of the firm until dinner, I went up stairs again.
     I had hoped, to have no other companion than Agnes. But Mrs. Heep
had asked permission to bring herself and her knitting near the h e , in that
room ; on pretence of its having an aspect more favourable for her rheu-
matics, as the wind then was, than the drawing-room or dining-parlour.
Though I could almost have consigned her to the mercies of the wind on
 the topmost pinnacle of the Cathedral, without remorse, I made a virtue of
 necessity, and gave her a friendly salutation.
      "I'm umbly thankful to you, sir," said Mrs. Heep, in acknowledgment of
 my inquiries concerning her health, " but I 'm only pretty well. I haven't
 much to boast of. If I could see my Uriah well settled in life, I couldn't
 expect much more I think. How do you think my Ury looking, sir ?"
      I thought him looking as villanous as ever, and I replied that I saw no
 change in him.
      " Oh, don't you think he's changed? " said Mrs. Heep.           " There I
 must umbly beg leave to differ from you. Don't you see a thinness
in him ? "
      "Not more than usual," I replied.
     " Don't you though ! " said Mrs. Heep.      "But you don't take notice
of him with a mother's eye ! "
     His mother's eye was an evil eye to the rest of the world, I thought as
it met mine, howsoever affectionate to him; and I believe she and her son
were devoted to one another. I t passed me, and went on to Agnes.
     '&lt; Don't you see a wasting and a wearing in him, Miss Wickfield? "
inquired Mrs. Heep.
                                                              D D 2
