               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

from motives of curiosity, not unmingled, let us hope, with sympathy, the
place of confinement allotted to debtors in this city, may, and I trust will,
Ponder, as he traces on its wall, inscribed with a rusty nail,
                                            " The obscure initials
                                                                 "W. M.
   "P.S. I re-open this to say that our common friend, Mr. Thomas
Traddles (who has not yet left us, and is looking extremely well), has paid
the debt and costs, in the noble name of Miss Trotwood; and that myself
and family are at the height of earthly bliss."




                             CHAPTER LT.
                                  'TEMPEST.

   I xow approach an event in my life, so indelible, so awful, so bound by
an infinite variety of ties to all that has preceded it, in these pages, that,
from the beginning of my narrative, I have seen it growing larger and
larger as I advanced, like a great tower in a plain, and throwing its
fore-cast shadow even on the incidents of my childish days.
   For years after it occurred, I dreamed of it often. I have started up
so vividly impressed by it, that its fury has yet seemed raging in my
quiet room, in the still night. I dream of it sometimes, though at
lengthened and uncertain intervals, to this hour. I have an association
between it and a stormy wind, or the lightest mention of a sea-shore, as
strong as any of which my mind is conscious. As plainly as I behold what
happened, I will try to write it down. I do not recal it, but see it done;
for it happens again before me.
   The time drawing on rapidly for the sailing of the emigrant-ship, my
good old nurse (almost broken-hearted for me, when we first met) came
up to London. 1 was constantly with her, and her brother, and the
Micawbers (they being very much together); but Emily I never saw.
   One evening when the time was close at hand, I was alone with Peg-
gotty and her brother. Our conversation turned on Ham. She described
to us how tenderly he had taken leave of her, and how manfully and
quietly he had borne himself. Most of all, of late, when she believed
he was most tried. I t was a subject of which the affectionate creature
never tired; and our interest in hearing the many examples which she,
who was so much with him, had to relate, was equal to hers in relating
them.
   My aunt and I were at that time vacating the two cottages at Higligate ;
I intending to go abroad, and she to return to her house at Dover. We
had a temporary lodging in Covent Garden. As I walked home to it,
after this evening's conversation, reflecting on what had passed between
Ham and myself when I was last at Yarmouth, I wavered in the original
