                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                        23
                    -- - - - - --               - - --   - --            -  -- -

                                  Price F O U R P E N C E of any Bookseller,
            Permanently Enlarged to Twenty-four Large Quarto Pages.
                           T H E               A T H E N E U M
   JOURNAL O F LITERATURE, SCIENCE, AND ART,
                                       (Stamped to go free by Post, Sd.)
                                       CONTAINS :-
REVIEWS, with copious extracts, of every important New English Book, and of the more important
     Foreign Works.
RgPORTS of the Proceedings of the Learned and Scientific Societies, with Abstracts of all Papers
     of Interest.
FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE on Subjects relating to Literature, Science, and Art.
AUTHENTIC ACCOUNTS of all Scientific Voyages and Expeditions.
CRITICISNIS ON ART, with Critical Notices of Exhibitions. Picture Collections, New
      Prints, &c.
OBIGINAT. PAPERS on the Fine Arts.
MUSIC AND DRAMA, including Reports on the Opera, Concerts, Theatres, New Music, &c.
BIOGRAPHICAL NOTICES of Men distinguished in Literature, Science, and Art.
ORIGINAL PAPERS AND POEMS.
MISCELLANEA, including all that is likely to interest the informed and intelligent.
                                       THE ATHENXUM
is so conducted that the reader, however far distant, is, in respect to Literature, Science, and the Arts,
on an equality in point of information with the best-informed circles of the Metropolis.
  ***  The ATHENBUM      is published every SATURDAY,   hut is re-issued each Month stitched i n a Wrapper.
                      Agent for F R A N C E , M. BAUDRY,    3, Quai Malaquais, Paris.

                    Newspaper for the Farming and Gardening Interest.
                Every Saturday, price Sixpence, free by Post, each Volume complete in itself,
                              Enlarged to Twenty-four Folio Pages,
                           THE FIRST              NUMBER            FOR       1849, O F
 T H E               GARDENERS'                                           CHRONICLE
                                                         AND

            AGRICULTURAL GAZETTE;
                A Weekly Record of Rural Economy and General News.
 THE       H O R T I C U L T U R A L P A R T E D I T E D BY P R O F E S S O R L I N D L E Y .
     The farming Part, (under the Editorship of a Practical Farmer) treats of-

                                                                                I
The Practice of Agriculture.                  Better Modes of Husbandry.               Irrigation.
Agricultural Science.                         Results of well-conducted Experi.        Foresting.
Animal andVeaetable Phvsioloev.                 mental Farmine.                        Road-makina.
lmprovernents- in lmilerne&lt;&lt;s,                Growth and Rota'tion of Crops.            arm-~uildi~~s.
   described by Woodcuts when-                Stock.                                   Labourers.
   ever requisite.                            Drainage.                                Agricultural Puhlications, &c.,&c.
                       In short, whatever affects the beneficial employment of capital i n land.
Reports are regularly given of the English, Scotch, and Irish Agricultural Societies and Farmers' Clubs-
    London Market Prices of Corn, Hay, Cattle, Seeds, Hops, Potatoes, Wool, &c., and the Weekly Averages.
   As Reeards the Gardening Part (under the editorship of Dr. Lindley), the principle is to make i t
 a Weekly kccord of c ~ c r y t l ~ i nt hg z bcars l~ponllort~rultnrr,I..loriculture, hrboriculture, or Garden Botany.
 arld such Natural Mistor). as has a rclatiotl to Ciardeni~~g,     wit11 Notices and Criticisms of all \Vorks on such
 subjects. Connected with this part are
                            WEEKLY CALENDARS OF GARDENING OPERATIONS,
Given in detail, and adapted to the objects of persons in every station of life ; so that the Cottager, with a few
rods of ground before his door, the Amateur who has only a Greenhouse, and the Manager Of Extensive
Gardens, are alike informed of the routine of Operations which the varying seasons render necessary. I t
 moreover contains Reports of Horticultural Exhibitions and Proceedings-Notices of Novelties and Improve-
 ments-in fact, everything that can tend to advance the Profession, benefit the condition of the Workman, or
 conduce to the pleasure of his Employer. 'Woodcuts are given whenever the matter treated of requires that
 mode of Illustration.
   Replies to Questionsconnected with the object of the Paper are also furnished Weekly.
    Lastly, that description of Domestic and Political News is introduced which is usually found in a
 Weekly Newspaper. It is unnecessary to dwell on this head further than to say, that the proprietor^ do not
 range themselves under the banners of any Party ; their earnest endeavours are to make THE GARDENEES'
 CHRONICLE     AND AORICULTURAL           GAZETTE   a full and comprehensive Record of Facts only-a Newspaper in the
 true sense of the word-leaving the Reader to form his own opinions; their object being the elucidation of the
 laws of Nature, not of Man. The Reader is thus furnished, in addition to the peculiar features of
 the Journal with such Information concerning the events of the day, as supersedes the necessity of hls
 providing himsklf with any other Weekly Paper.
   A P n o s ~ s c ~ vWITH
                      s , LISTOF CONTRIBUTORS,            may be had on application, or by letter, a t the Office, 5, Upper
 Wellington Street, Covent Garden, London.
   Parties intending to Commence with the New Volume had better give their
                       Orders a t once to any Newsvender.
