               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     " Really musical, isn't it, my dear Copperfield ? " said Traddles.  " I t 's
very agreeable to hear. I t quite lights up these old rooms. To an
unfortunate bachelor of a fellow who has lived alone all his life, you know,
it 'S positively delicious. I t 'S charming. Poor things, they have had a
great loss in Sophy-who, I do assure you, Copperfield, is, and ever was,
the dearest girl !-and it gratifies me beyond expression to find them in
such good spirits. The society of girls is a very delightfill thing,
Copperfield. I t 'S not professional, but it 'S very delightful."
     Observing that he slightly faltered, and comprehending that in the
goodness of his heart he was fearful of giving me some pain by what he
had said, I expressed my concurrence with a heartiness that evidently
relieved and pleased him greatly.
     " But then," said Traddles, " our domestic arrangements are, to say

the truth, quite unprofessional altogether, my dear Copperfield. Even
Sophy's being here, is unprofessional. And we have no other place of
abode. We have put to sea in a cockboat, but we are quite prepared
to rough it. And Sophy 'S an extraordinary manager ! You 'l1 be sur-
prised how those girls are stowed away. I am sure I hardly know how
it 'S done."
    " Are many of the young ladies with you? " I inquired.

    " The eldest, the Beauty is here," said Traddles, in a low confidential

voice, " Caroline. And Sarah 'S here-the one I mentioned to you
as having something the matter with her spine, you know. Immensely
better! And the two youngest that Sophy educated are with us. And
Louisa 'S here."
    " Indeed ! " cried I.
    " Yes," said Traddles. " NOWthe whole set-I mean the chambers-
is only three rooms ; but Sophy arranges for the girls in the most wonder-
ful way, and they sleep as comfortably as possible. Three in that room,"
said Traddles, pointing. " Two in that."
    I could not help glancing round, in search of the accommodation
remaining for Nr. and Mrs. Traddles. Traddles understood me.
     " Well ! " said Traddles, "we are prepared to rough it, as I said just

now; and we did improvise a bed last week, upon the floor here. But
there 'S a little room in the roof-a very nice room, when you 're up there
-which Sophy papered herself; to surprise me; and that 'S our room at
present. I t 'S a capital little gipsey sort of place. There 'S quite a view
from it."
     " And you are happily married at last, my dear Traddles! " said I.

 " How rejoiced I am ! "
     " Thank you, my dear Copperfield," said Traddles, as we shook hands
once more. "Yes, I am as happy as it 'S possible to be. There 'S your old
friend, you see," said Traddles, nodding triumphantly at the flower-pot
 and stand; "and there 'S the table with the marble top ! All the other
 furniture is plain and serviceable, you perceive. And as to plate, Lord
 bless you, we haven't so much as a tea-spoon."
     " All to be earned? " said I, cheerf~llly.

     " Exactly so," replied Traddles, " all to be earned.     Of course we have
 something in the shape of tea-spoons, because we stir our tea. But
 they 're Britannia metal."
