                                                ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                  3



                                            HAIR AN ORNAMENT.
                                        I T is universally admitted that                   one of the most ad-

                             a
                                              mlred ornaments of the person is t h e hair. So necessary is i t
                                        considered to the perfection of female beauty, that any loss or deteriora.
                                        tion of this covering of the head impairs good looxs to such a degree that
                                        artificial locks are obliged to be resorted to to give the proper effect to
                                        beautiful features, which, without such aid, woulcl be deprived of half
                                        their charm. Who will not say that the appearance of a man, also, is
                                        greatly improved by a fine head of hair?


                             g
                             p- - -
                                                               GREEK AND ROMAN.
                                          The ancients highly esteemed a fine head of hair. And we learn from
                                        Juvenal and Worace, that among the Romans, nothing was deemed more
                                        essential to the beauty of a young person, than fine long hair covering
                                        the head-
                                              '' Loose to the wind her golden tresses     streamed."-PETUAUCH.


                  MILTON'S HAIR LUBRICANT
will he found admirably to supply the deficiencies of Nature : its wonderful effects will be speedily observed t o
produce a change i n hair, however thin and harsh, t o a state of silky luxuriance and beauty, easily dressed in
any fashion.
     Its perfume is essentially novel and most delicious. I n elegant pots, 2s. each.
     Sold by all Perfumers and Medicine Vendors in Town and Country. Wholesale London Agents :-Messrs.
Rarclay & Sons, Farringdon-street; Edwards, St. Paul's Churchyard; Suttou & Co., Bow Churchyard;
Sanger. 151, Oxford-street; and Hannay & Co., Oxford-street.


              DEFORMITIES OF T H E CHEST AND                                                 SPINE.
                                EAGLAND'S INVISIBLE SPINE SUPPORT, under
                             the Patronage of Her hlajesty's Surgeons. &C.-Ladies
                             suffering from spinal deviations and their injurious con-
                             sequences are solicited t o inspect Mr. EAGLAND'S         newly-
                             invented and inimitable SPINAL SUPPORTS. Their
                             beautifulsimplicity, extreme lightness, and their efficiency
                             a s a remedial agent, have proved them superior to any
                             others j indeed, they have become eminently successfnl.
                             They a r e also completely imperceptible, conceal the
                             defects (without padding) from the most scrutinising
                             observer, a n d never fail t o confer immediate relief.
                             Mr. E. h a s the pleasure t o add t h a t h e is empowered t o
                             refer to ladies of the first respectability a s to the value of
                             his invention, i n addition t o which be holds testimonials
                             of t h e highest order.     Mrs. EAQLAND        i s i n constant
                             attendance from 12 till 5 daily.
                                  21,   COVENTRY STREET, HAYMARKET.
                            -
      CHILDREN'S FROCKS, COATS, AND PELISSES;
                           In all t h e New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
                           large portion of which are expresslyadapted for School
                           Wear, a t SWEARMAN'S, 5 , FINSBURY PAVEMENT,
                           LONDON (between the Bank and Finsbury Square).
                             SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view, from
                           the useful dress a t 1s. l l d . , 2s. 6d., 3s. 6d.; medium,
                           58.6d., 7 s . 6d., 108. 6d., 128.6d.; handsome, 15s. 6d.,
                           18s. 6 d . , 21s. 6d., up to the richest goods made i n Silk
                           Velvets, Three, Four, and Five Guineas.
                             HOLLAND DRESSESof all kinds. Pinafores, IObd.;
                           Frocks, 1s. 6 d . , 1s. gd. ; ditto, long sleeves, 2s. gd.,
                           3s. 6d.; Blouses, 38. 6d.. 4s. 6d., 58.6d.
                             MANTLES, PALETOTS, CLOAKS, JACKETS, and
                           SPENCERS, in great variety, adapted for all ages, two
                           years and upwards.
                     I N F A N T S ' C L O A K S , HOODS, H A T S , and B O N N E T S , L O N G
                   and S H O R T ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
                   Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Night Caps, Open
                   and R o u n d Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets, with a
                   general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N , together with every article usually
                   required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating t h e trouble a n d
                   inconvenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops w h e n
                   J U V E N I L E C L O T H I N G is required.
                      *,   A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
                   free on t h e receipt   of a paid Letter.
