                                                        ADVERTISEMENTS.                                      7
                      -                -
                                      -.        -   --                                       ----       --




                    ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
THE economy both in the cost and wear of this Umbrella has been freely
borne out by the experience of these last 18 months, during which time
so many thousands have been sold. They may be obtained of most
Umbrella Dealers in the United Kingdom, from 10s. 6d. each.
       W. & J. SANGSTER, Patentees, 140, Regent-street,
                                           94, Fleet-street,
                                           10, Royal Exchange.
          CHEAP SILK UMBRELLAS, from 7s. each.
   N.B. Certain parties who are not licensed by the Patentees of the
Alpaca Umbrella have been selling an inferior imitation of it. The public
are therefore requested to observe that the Patentees' names are affixed
inside each Umbrella.

                 WARREN'S
                    S K E T C H E S OF CHARACTER.
M R . WARREN, of 9, GREATCOLLEGESTREET,  WESTMINSTER,
                                                   who has
       become so celebrated for his DELINEATION OF THE CHARACTER of Individuals, a s derived from
their HANDWRITING, continues his interesting experiments.              Specimens of writing, wiih the fee of
13 postage stamps, and a mention of the applicant's sex, t o be addressed a s above.

                  DEFORMITIES O F T H E CHEST AND SPINE.
                                        EAGILAND'S INVISIBLE SPINE SUPPORT, under
                                     the Patronage of Her Majesty's Surgeons, &c.-Ladies
                                     suffering from spinal deviations a n d their injurious con-
                                     sequences are solicited to inspect Mr. E n a ~ ~ N nnewly-'s
                                     invented and inimitable SPINAL SUPPORTS. Their
                                     beautifulsimplicity, extreme lightness, and their efficiency
                                     a s a remedial agent, have proved them superior to any
                                     others; indeed, they have become eminently successful.
                                     They a r e also completely imperceptible, conceal the
                                     defects (without padding) from the most scrutinising
                                     observer, and never fail t o confer immediate relief.
                                     Mr. E. h a s the pleasure t o add tllat he is empowered t o
                                     refer to ladies of the first respectabillty a s t o the value of
                                     his invention, i n addition t o which he holds testimonials
                                     af t h e highest order. Mrs. EAOLANDi s in constant
                                     attendance from 12 till 5 daily.
                                         21, COVENTRY STREET, HAPMARKET.

 T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
  The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything yet
produced, that the Manufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and the
Connoisseur, that one may be convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, at the establishment of the




                                                                                 A
Sole Inventor, F. Browne, 47, FENCHURCH-ST.
     F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE O F MEASURING T H E HEAD.
  Round the head in the manner of a fillet, leaving, As dotted          Inches. Eighths.
                                          .
                                          .
the Ears loose ........................... ....................
                                                          -I-   1 to 1.
                                                                                 --
  From the Forehead over to the poll, as deep each                   As dotted
way as required ..................................................    2 to 2.
                                                                                 -
  From one Temple to the other, across the rise or! As marked
  - of the head to where the Hair grows ............1
Crown
-                                                     3 to 3.    I
             T H E CHARGE FOR T H I S UNIQUE HEAD OF H A I R ONLY 21 10s.
