                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          69
the adventures of Gil Blas; and I remember, when Gil Blas met the
captain of the robbers in Madrid, this unlucky joker counterfeited such an
ague of terror, that he was overheard by Mr. Creakle, who was prowling
about the passage, and handsomely flogged for disorderly conduct in the
bedroom.
   Whatever I had within me that was romantic and dreamy, was
encouraged by so much story-telling in the dark; and in that respect the
pursuit may not have been very profitable to me. But the being
cherished as a kind of plaything in my room, and the consciousness that
this accomplishment of mine was bruited about among the boys, and
attracted a good deal of notice to me though I was the youngest there,
stimulated me to exertion. I n a school carried on by sheer cruelty,
whether it is presided over by a dunce or not, there is not likely to be
much learnt. I believe our boys were, generally, as ignorant a set as
any schoolboys in existence ; they were too much troubled and knocked
about to learn; they could no more do that to advantage, than any one
can do anything to advantage in a life of constant misfortune, torment,
and worry. But my little vanity, and Steerforth's help, urged me on
somehow; and without saving me from much, if anything, in the way
of punishment, made me, for the time I was there, an exception to
the general body, insomuch that I did steadily pick up some crumbs of
knowledge.
    I n this I was much assisted by Mr. Mell, who had a liking for me that
I am grateful to remember. I t always gave me pain to observe that
Steerforth treated him with systematic disparagement, and seldom lost an
occasion of wounding his feelings, or inducing others to do so. This
troubled me the more for a long time, because I had soon told Steerforth,
from whom I could no more keep such a secret, than I could keep a cake
or any other tangible possession, about the two old women Mr. Me11 had
taken me to see; and I was always afraid that Steerforth would let it out,
and twit him with it.
    We little thought any one of us, I dare say, when I ate my breakfast
that first morning, and went to sleep under the shadow of the peacock's
feathers to the sound of the flute, what consequences would come of the
introduction into those alms-houses of my insignificant person. But the
visit had its unforeseen consequences; and of a serious sort, too, in
their way.
    One day when Mr. Creakle kept the house from indisposition, which
 naturally diffused a lively joy through the school, there was a good deal
 of noise in the course of the morning's work. The great relief and
 satisfaction experienced by the boys made them difficult to manage ; and
 though the dreaded Tungay brought his wooden leg in twice or thrice,
 and took notes of the principal offenders' names, no great impression was
 made by it, as they were pretty sure of getting into trouble to-morrow
 do what they would, and thought it wise, no doubt, to enjoy them-
 selves to-day.
    I t was, properly, a half-holiday ; being Saturday. But as the noise in
the playground would have disturbed Mr. Creakle, and the weather was
 not favorable for going out walking, we were ordered into school in the
 afternoon, and set some lighter tasks than usual, which were made for the
