              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    "Oh, Dora, dearest, dearest, do not speak to me so. Every word seems
a reproach ! "
    "No, not a syllable ! " she answers, kissing me. " Oh, my dear, you
never deserved it, and I loved you far too well, to say a reproachful word to
you, in earnest-it was all the merit I had, except being pretty-or you
thought me so. I s it lonely down-stairs, Doady ? "
    " Very ! Very ! "

    " Don't cry ! I s my chair there? "
   " I n its old place."

   "' h,   how my poor boy cries ! Hush, hush ! Now, make me one
promise. I want to speak to Agnes. When you go down-stairs, tell
Agnes so, and send her up to me; and while I speak to her, let no one
come-not even aunt. I want to speak to Agnes by herself. I want to
speak to Agnes, quite alone."
    I promise that she shall, immediately ; but I cannot leave her, for my
grief.
    " I said that it was better as it is ! " she whispers, as she holds me in

her arms. " Oh, Doady, after more years, you never could have loved your
child-wife better than you do ; and, after more years, she would so have tried
and disappointed you, that you might not have been able to love her half
so well ! I know I was too young and foolish. I t is much better as it is ! "

   Agnes is down-stairs, when I go into the parlor; and I give her the
message. She disappears, leaving me alone with Jip.
   His Chinese house is by the fire; and he lies within it, on his bed of
flannel, querulously trying to sleep. The bright moon is high and clear.
As I look out on the night, my tears fall fast, and my undisciplined heart
is chastened heavily-heavily.
   I sit down by the fire, thinking with a blind remorse of all those secret
feelings I have nourished since my marriage. I think of every little trifle
between me and llora, and feel the truth, that trifles make the sum of life.
Ever rising from the sea of my remembrance, is the image of the dear child
as I knew her first, graced by my young love, and by her own, with every
fascination wherein such love is rich. Would it, indeed, have been better
if we had loved each other as a boy and girl, and forgotten i t ? Undis-
ciplined heart, reply !
   How the time wears, I know not ; until I am recalled by my child-wife's
old companion. More restless than he was, he crawls out of his house,
and looks at me, and wanders to the door, and whines to go up-stairs.
   "Not to-night, Jip ! Not to-night ! "
   He comes very slowly back to me, licks my hand, and lifts his dim eyes
to my face.
   " 0, Jip ! I t may be, never again ! "
   He lies down at my feet, stretches himself out as if to sleep, and with
a plaintive cry, is dead.
   " 0 Agnes ! Look, look, here ! "

   -That face, so full of pity and of grief, that rain of tears, that awful
mute appeal to me, that solemn hand upraised towards Heaven!
    " Agnes ? "
    I t is over. Darkness comes before my eyes ; and, for a time, all things
 are blotted out of my remembrance.
