                         O F DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         579
     She was happy and useful, was prospering as she had hoped. That
   was all she told me of herself. The rest referred to me.
     She gave me no advice ; she urged no duty on me ; she only told me,
  in her own fervent manner, what her trust in me was. She knew (she
  mid) how such a nature as mine would turn affliction to good. She knew
  how trial and emotion would exalt and strengthen it. She was sure that
 in my every purpose I should gain a firmer and a higher tendency, through
 the grief I had undergone. She, who so gloried in my fame, and so
 looked forward to its augmentation, well knew that I would labor on. She
 knew that in me, sorrow could not be weakness, but must be strength. As
 the endurance of my childish days had done its part to make me what I
 was, so greater calamities would nerve me on, to be yet better than I was ;
 and so, as they had taught me, would I teach others. She commended
 me to God, who had taken my innocent darling to His rest ; and in her
 sisterly affection cherished me always, and was always at my side go where
 I would; proud of what I had done, but infinitely prouder yet of what
 I was reserved to do.
    I put the letter in my breast, and thought what had I been an hour
 ago ! When I heard the voices die away, and saw the quiet evening cloud
 grow dim, and all the colors in the valley fade, and the golden snow upon
 the mountain tops become a remote part of the pale night sky, yet felt
 that the night was passing from my mind, and all its shadows clearing,
 there was no name for the love I bore her, dearer to me, henceforward,
than ever until then.
    I read her letter, many times. I wrote to her before I slept. I told
lier that I had been in sore need of her help; that without her I was
not, and I never had been, what she thought me; but, that she inspired
me to be that, and I would try.
    I did try. I n three months more, a year would have passed since the
beginning of my sorrow. I determined to make no resolutions until the
expiration of those three months, but to try. I lived in that valley, and its
neighbourhood, all the time.
    The three months gone, I resolved to remain away from home for some
time longer; to settle myself for the present in Switzerland, which was
growing dear to me in the remembrance of that evening; to resume my
pen; to work.
    I resorted humbly whither Agnes had commended me; I sought out
Nature, never sought in vain; and I admitted to my breast the human
interest I had lately shrunk from. I t was not long, before I had almost
as many friends in the valley as in Yarmouth ; and when I left it, before
the winter set in, for Geneva, and came back in the spring, their cordial
greetings had a homely sound to me, although they were not conveyed in
English words.
    I worked early and late, patiently and hard. I wrote a Story, with a
purpose growing, not remotely, out of my experience, and sent it to
Traddles, and he arranged for its publication very advantageously for me ;
and the tidings of my growing reputation began to reach me from travellers
whom I encountered by chance. After some rest and change, I fell to
work, in my old ardent way, on a new fancy, which took strong possession
of me. As I advanced in the execution of this task, I felt it more and
                                                           P P 2
