                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             99
"  it is of more importance than anything else-it is of paramount import-
ance-that my brother should not be disturbed or made uncomfortable.
I suppose I had better say yes."
    I thanked her, without making any demonstration of joy, lest it should
induce her to withdraw her assent. Nor could I help thinking this a
prudent course, when she looked at me out of the pickle-jar, with as great
an access of sourness as if her black eyes had absorbed its contents.
However, the permission was given, and was never retracted; for when the
month was out, Peggotty and I were ready to depart.
    Mr. Barkis came into the house for Peggotty's boxes. I had never
known him to pass the garden-gate before, but on this occasion he came
into the house. And he gave me a look as he shouldered the largest box
and went out, which I thought had meaning in it, if meaning could ever
be said to find its way into Mr. Barkis's visage.
    Peggotty was naturally in low spirits at leaving what had been her
home so many years, and where the two strong attachments of her life-
for my mother and myself-had been formed. She had been walking in
the churchyard, too, very early; and she got into the cart, and sat in it
with her handkerchief at her eyes.
    So long as she remained in this condition, Mr. Barkis gave no sign
of life whatever. He sat in his usual place and attitude, like a great
stuffed figure. But when she began to look about her, and to speak to
me, he nodded his head and grinned several times. I have not the least
notion at whom, or what he meant by it.
    " It's a beautiful day, Mr. Barkis ! " I said, as an act of politeness.

    " I t ain't bad," said Mr. Barkis, who generally qualified his speech, and

rarely committed himself.
    " Peggotty is quite comfortable now, Mr. Barkis," I remarked, for his
satisfaction.
    " I s she, though ! " said Mr. Barkis.
    After reflecting about it, with a sagacious air, Mr. Barkis eyed her, and
said :
    "Are you pretty comfortable? "
    Peggotty laughed, and answered in the affirmative.
    "But really and truly, you know. Are you?" growled Mr. Barkis,
sliding nearer to her on the seat, and nudging her with his elbow. "Are
you? Really and truly pretty comfortable ? Are you? Eh?" At each of these
inquiries Mr. Barkis shuffled nearer to her, and gave her another nudge;
so that at last we were all crowded together in the left-hand corner of the
cart, and I was so squeezed that I could hardly bear it.
    Peggotty calling his attention to my sufferings, Mr. Barkis gave me
a little more room at once, and got away by degrees. But
I could not help observing that he seemed to think he had hit upon a
wonderful expedient for expressing himself in a neat, agreeable, and
pointed manner, without the inconvenience of inventing conversation. H e
manifestly chuckled over it for some time. By-and-by he turned to
Peggotty again, and repeating, " Are you pretty comfortable though? "
bore down upon us as before, until the breath was nearly wedged out of
my body. By-and-by he made another descent upon us with the same
inquiry, and the same result. At length, I got up whenever I saw him
                                     H   2
