 2                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                 -

               M R . COLBURN'S                          NEW PUBLICATIONS.
                                                    __e_
        N o w ready, complete in One Volume, with a New Preface, and Portrait, 6s. bound, the

     POPULAR EDITION OF MR. DISRAELI'S CONINGSBY.
                               Also, now ready, i% Two Volumes,
                         THE N E W WORK BY CAPTAIN MARRYAT.

           VALERIE :                                AN         AUTOBIOGRAPHY.
         The Lottery of Marriage.                                    Adventures of a Greek Lady,
               BY MRS. TROLLOPE.                                         (THECOUNTESS DE STEPHANO,)
                     3 vols.                                    The Adopted Daughter of the late Queen Caroline,
       English Homes and Foreign                                          WRITTEN BY HERSELF.
              Wanderings,                                        Comprising Curious Anecdotes and Particulars of
            BY LADY LISTER KAYE.                               Queen Caroline and her S u ~ t e ,not hitherto known.
                   2 vols.                                         --                2 vols.
                HENRY COLBURN, PUBLISHER, 13, GREAT MARLBOROUGH STREET.


             POPULAR N A T U R A L HISTORY.
                     -.       -  --
EPISODES O F INSECT LIFE, Crown 8vo. 36 Engravings. Fancy cloth,
      16s.; coloured and bound in silk, 21s.
  "The letter-press is illustrated with vignettes clearly and cleverly drawn o n stone, and the whole pile of
natural history-fable. poetry, theory, and fact-is stuck over with quaint apopthegms and shrewd maxims
deduced for the benefit of man from the contemplation of such tiny monitors as gnats and moths.-Altogether
the book is a curious and interesting one-quaint and clever, genial and well informed."-Morning Chronicle.
  "Professor Nichol has done much to make astronomy a lightsome science; Mr. Miller has thrown the
influence of eloquent and powerful writing around the fossils of the old red sandstone. Neither, however, has
produced a work equal in the particular above mentioned to the 'Episodes of Insect Life.'"-Tait's  Magazine.

POPULAR BRITISH SEA-WEEDS ; comprising a familiar and technical
      description of the M A R I N EPLANTScommon t o the shores of the British Isles. By the Rev. DAVID
      LANDSBOROUGH, A.L.S. One vol. royal 16m0,with twenty plates of figures, Price 10s.6d. coloured.
                                                                                             I n the Press.
POPULAR BRITISH ORNITHOLOGY, comprising all the British Birds.
      By P. H. GOSSE.     Royal 16100. 20 Plates of Figures. 7s. plain; 10s. 6d. colonred.
POPULAR BRITISH ENTOMOLOGY. By MARIAE. CATLOW.Royal 16mo.
      16 Plates of Figures.   7s. plain ; 10s. 6d. coloured.

POPULAR FIELD BOTANY. By AGNESCATLOW.Royal l6mo. 20 Plates
      of Figures. 7s. plain; 10s. 6d. coloured.

                   REEVE, BENHAM, 81 REEVE, KING WILLIAM STREET, STRAND.


              POPULAR EDITION OF MR TUPPERPS TALES.
                                                                   -
                     On July 1st will bepablished,price 2s. 6d., a cheap Reprint of

     THE C R O C K O F GOLD.
                              BY MARTIN F. TUPPER, ESQ.
                        W i t h a n I l l u s t r a t i o n by J o h n Leech.
                ARTHUR HALL, VIRTUE & CO., 25, PATERNOSTER ROW.
                                                   Now Reacly.
C O U R T ETIQUETTE.                      A Guide t o Levees, Drawing Rooms, Courts and
        Audiences, the Usages of Social Life, the Formal Modes of Addressing Letters. Memorials, Addresses
and Petitions, the Rules of Precedence. the Composition of Dedications, the Etiquette of Public Meetings, and
every other formality of business or pleasure. By a M A NO F T H E WORLD. Royal 18mo, handsomely bound,
illustrated with Engravings, gllt and lettered, price 4s 6d.
   Pubhshed by C. MITCHELL,Red Lion Court, Fleet Street, London, who sends the work, post free, to any
address, on receipt of Postage Stamps of the above value. May also be had (by order) of any Bookseller.
