27 6          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

hension that Miss Murdstone would disparage me to her. The amiable
creature with the polished head told me a long story, which I think was
about gardening. I think I heard him say, "my gardener," several times.
I seemed to pay the deepest attention to him, but I was wandering in a
garden of Eden all the while, with Dora.
   My apprehensions of being disparaged to the object of my engrossing
affection were revived when we went into the drawing-room, by the grim
and distant aspect of Miss Murdstone. But I was relieved of them in an
unexpected manner.
   '' David Copperfield," said Miss Murdstone, beckoning me aside into
a window. " A word."
   I confronted Miss Murdstone alone.
   " David Copperfield," said Miss Murdstone, "I need not enlarge up011

family circumstances. They are not a tempting subject."
   "Far from it, ma'am," I returned.
   " Far from it," assented Miss Murdstone. " I do not wish to revive the
memory of past differences, or of past outrages. I have received outrages
from a person-a female I am sorry to say, for the credit of my sex-
who is not to be mentioned without scorn and disgust; and therefore I
would rather not mention her."
   I felt very fiery on my aunt's account ; but I said it would certainly be
better, if Miss Murdstone pleased, not to mention her. I could not hear
her disrespectfully mentioned, I added, without expressing my opinion in a
decided tone.
   Miss Murdstone shut her eyes, and disdainfully inclined her head ; then,
slowly opening her eyes, resumed :
   "David Copperfield, I shall not attempt to disguise the fact, that I
formed an unfavorable opinion of you in your childhood. It may have
been a mistaken one, or you may have ceased to justify it. That is not
in question between us now. I belong to afamily remarkable, I believe,
for some firmness; and I am not the creature of circumstance or change.
I may have my opinion of you. You may have your opinion of me."
   I inclined my head, in my turn.
   "But it is not necessary," said Miss Murdstone, 'r that these opinions
should come into collision here. Under existing circumstances, it is as
well on all accounts that they should not. As the chances of life have
brought us together again, and may bring us together on other occasions,
I would say let us meet here as distant acquaintances. Family circum-
stances are a sufficient reason for our only meeting on that footing, and it
is quite unnecessary that either of us should make the other the subject of
remark. Do you approve of this?"
   "Miss Murdstone," I returned, "I think you and Mr. Murdstone used
me very cruelly, and treated my mother with great unkindness. I shall
always think so, as long as I live. But I quite agree in what you propose."
   Miss Murdstone shut her eyes again, and bent her head. Then, just
touching the back of my hand with the tips of her cold, stiff fingers, she
walked away, arranging the little fetters on her wrists and round her
neck: which seemed to be the same set, in exactly the same state, as
when I had seen her last. These reminded me, in reference to
 Miss Murdstone's nature, of the fetters over a jail-door; suggesting on
the outside, to all beholders, what was to be expected within.
