                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                              357
to let my mind run on my own distress so much, I was so devoted to
Dora that I could not help it. I knew that it was base in me not to think
more of my aunt, and less of myself; but, so far, selfishness was in-
separable from Dora, and I could not put Dora on one side for any
mortal creature. How exceedingly miserable I was, that night !
   As to sleep, I had dreams of poverty in all sorts of shapes, but I seemed
to dream without the previous ceremony of going to sleep. Now I was
ragged, wanting to sell Dora matches, six bundles for a halfpenny; now I
was at the office in a nightgown and boots, remonstrated with by Mr.
Spenlow on appearing before the clients in that airy attire; now I was
hungrily picking up the crumbs that fell fieom old Tiffey's daily biscuit,
regularly eaten when Saint Paul's struck one ; now I was hopelessly
endeavouring to get a license to marry Dora, having nothing but one of
Uriah Heep's gloves to offer in exchange, which the whole Commons re-
jected; and still, more or less conscious of my own room, I was always
tossing about like a distressed ship in a sea of bed-clothes.
    My aunt was restless, too, for I frequently heard her walking to and
fro. Two or three times in the course of the night, attired in a long
flannel wrapper in which she looked seven feet high, she appeared, like a
 disturbed ghost, in my room, and came to the side of the sofa on which I
lay. On the first occasion I started up in alarm, to learn that she inferred
from a particular light in the sky, that Westminster Abbey was on fire;
and to be consulted in reference to the probability of its igniting Bucking-
ham Street, in case the wind changed. Lying still, after that, I found that
she sat down near me, whispering to herself " Poor boy ! " And then it
made me twenty times more wretched, to know how unselfishly mindful
she was of me, and how selfishly mindful I was of myself.
   I t was difficult to believe that a night so long to me, could be short to
anybody else. This consideration set me thinking and thinking of an
 magin nary party where people were dancing the hours away, until that
became a dream too, and I heard the music incessantly playing one tune,
and saw Dora incessantly dancing one dance, w~thouttaking the least
notice of me. The man who had been playing the harp all night, was
trying in vain to cover it with an ordinary sized nightcap, when I awoke;
or I should rather say, when I left off trying to go to sleep, and saw the
sun shining in through the window at last.
   There was an old Roman bath in those days at the bottom of one of the
streets out of the Strand-it may be there still-in which I have had
many a cold plunge. Dressing myself as quietly as I could, and leaving
Peggotty to look after my aunt, I tumbled head foremost into it, and then
went for a walk to Iiampstead. I had a hope that this brisk treatment
might freshen my wits a little; and I think it did them good, for I soon
came to the conclusion that the first step I ought to take was, to try
if my articles could be cancelled and the premium recovered. I got
some breakfast on the Heath, and walked back to Doctors' Commons,
along the watered roads and through a pleasant smell of summer flowers,
growing in gardens and carried into town on hucksters' heads, intent on
this first effort to meet our altered circumstances.
   I arrived at the office so soon, after all, that I had half an hour's loitering
about the Commons, before old Tiffey, who was always first, appeared with
his key. Then I sat down in my shady corner, looking up at the sunlight
