                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                          CHAPTER XLVI,
                             INTELLIGENCE.

   I MUST have been married, if I may trust to my imperfect memory for
dates, about a year or so, when one evening, as I was returning from a
solitary walk, thinking of the book I was then writing-for my success had
steadily increased with my steady application, and I was engaged at that
time upon my first work of fiction- I came past Mrs. Steerforth's house.
I had often passed it before, during my residence in that neighbourhood,
though never when I could choose another road. Howbeit, it did sometimes
happen that it was not easy to find another, without making a long circuit;
and so I had passed that way, upon the whole, pretty often.
   I had never done more than glance at the house, as I went by with a
quickened step. I t had been uniformly gloomy and dull. None of the
best rooms abutted on the road; and the narrow, heavily-framed old-
fashioned windows, never cheerful under any circumstances, looked very
dismal, close shut, and with their blinds always drawn down. There mas
a covered way across a little paved court, to an entrance that was never
used; and there was one round staircase window, at odds with all the
rest, and the only one unshaded by a blind, which had the same unoccu-
pied blank look. I do not remember that I ever saw a light in all the house.
If I had been a casual passer-by, I should have probably supposed that
some childless person lay dead in it. If I had happily possessed no know-
ledge of the place, and had seen it often in that changeless state, I should
have pleased my fancy with many ingenious speculations, I dare say.
   As it was, I thought as little of it as I might. But my mind could not go
by it and leave it, as my body did ; and it usually awakened a long train of
meditations. Coming before me, on this particular evening that I mention,
mingled with the childish recollections and later fancies, the ghosts of
half-formed hopes, the broken shadows of disappointments dimly seen and
understood, the blending of experience and imagination, incidental to the
 occupation with which my thonghts had been busy, it was more than com-
monly suggestive. I fell into a brown study as I walked on, and a voice
at my side made me start.
   I t was a woman's voice, too. I was not long in recollecting Mrs.
 Steerforth's little parlor-maid, who had formerly worn blue ribbons in her
cap. She had taken them out now, to adapt herself, I suppose, to the
altered character of the house; and wore but one or two disconsolate bows
of sober brown.
   " If you please, sir, would you have the goodness to walk in, and speak

to Miss Dartle ? "
    " Ilas Miss Dartle sent you for me?" I inquired.
    " Not to-night, sir, but it's just the same.    Miss Dartle saw you pass
 a night or two ago ; and I was to sit at work on the staircase, and when I
 saw you pass again, to ask you to step in and speak to her."
