  342           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    baleful object presented itself to my view. I was very merry, I know ; but
   it was hollow merriment. I attached myself to a young creature in pink,
   with little eyes, and flirted with her desperately. She received my atten-
   tions with favour; but whether on my account solely, or because she had
   any designs on Red Whisker, I can't say. Dora's health was drunk.
   When I drank it, I affected to interrupt my conversation for that purpose,
   and to resume it immediately afterwards. I caught Dora's eye as I bowed
  to her, and I thought it looked appealing. But it looked at me over the
  head of Red Whisker, and I was adamant.
     The young creature in pink had a mother in green; and I rather think
  the latter separated us from motives of policy. Howbeit, there was a
  general breaking up of the party, while the remnants of the dinner were
  being put away; and I strolled off by myself among the trees, in a raging
  and remorseful state. I was debating whether I should pretend that I
  was not well, and fly-I don't know where-upon my gallant grey, when
 Dora and Miss Mills met me.
     c r Mr. Copperfield," said Miss Mills, " you are dull."
     I begged her pardon. Not at all.
     " And, Dora," said Miss Mills, "yow -    are dull."
     Oh dear no ! Not in the least.
     " Mr. Copperfield and Dora," said Miss Mills, with an almost venerable
 air. "Enough of this. Do not allow a trivial misunderstanding to
 wither the blossoms of spring, which, once put forth and blighted, can not
 be renewed. I speak," said Miss Mills, ", from experience of the past-
 the remote irrevocable past. The gushing fountains which sparkle in the
  sun, must not be stopped in mere caprice; the oasis in the desert of
  Sahara, must not be plucked up idly."
     I hardly knew what I did, I was burning all over to that extraordinary
 extent ; but I took Dora's little hand and kissed it-and she let me ! I
 kissed Miss Mills's hand; and we all seemed, to my thinking, to go
 straight up to the seventh heaven.
     We did not come down again. We stayed up there all the evening. At
 first we strayed to and fro among the trees : I with Dora's shy arm drawn
through mine : and Heaven knows, folly as it all was, it would have been
a happy fate to have been struck immortal with those foolish feelings, and
have strayed among the trees for ever !
    But, much too soon, we heard the others laughing and talking, and
calling "where's Dora!" So we went back, and they wanted Dora to
sing. Red Whisker would have got the guitar-case out of the carriage,
but Dora told him nobody knew where it was, but I. So Red Whisker
was done for in a moment ; and I got it, and I unlocked it, and I took the
guitar out, and I sat by her, and I held her handkerchief and gloves, and
I drank in every note of her dear voice, and she sang to me who loved her,
and all the others might applaud as much as they liked, but they had
nothing to do with it !
    I was intoxicated with joy. I was afraid it was too happy to be
real, and that I should wake in Buckingham Street presently, and hear
Mrs. Crupp clinking the teacups in getting breakfast ready. But Dora
sang, and others sang, and Miss Mills sang-about the slumbering echoes
in the caverns of Memory ; as if she were a hundred years old-and the
