376           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I stared at Mr. Micawber, who greatly enjoyed my surprise.
   " I am bound to state to you," he said, with an official air, " that the

 business habits, and the prudent suggestions, of Mrs. Micawber, have in
 a great measure conduced to this result. The gauntlet, to which Mrs.
 Micawber referred upon a former occasion, being thrown down in the
 form of an advertisement, was taken up by my friend Heep, and led to a
 mutual recognition. Of my friend Heep," said Mr. Micawber, " who is a
 man of remarkable shrewdness, I desire to speakwith all possible respect.
 My friend Heep has not fixed the positive remuneration at too high a
 figure, but he has made a great deal, in the way of extrication from the
 pressure of pecuniary difficulties, contingent on the value of my services ;
 and on the value of those services I pin my faith. Such address and
 intelligence as I chance to possess," said Mr. Micawber, boastfully
 disparaging himself, with the old genteel air, " will be devoted to my
 friend Heep's service. I have already some acquaintance with the law-
 as a defendant on civil process-and I shall immediately apply myself to
 the Commentaries of one of the most eminent and remarkable of our
 English Jurists. I believe it is unnecessary to add that I allude to
 Mr. Justice Blackstone."
    These observations, and indeed the greater part of the observations made
 that evening, were interrupted by Mrs. Micawber's discovering that Master
 Micawber was sitting on his boots, or holding his head on with both arms
 as if he felt it loose, or accidentally kicking Traddles under the table, or
 shuffling his feet over one another, or producing them at distances from
 himself apparently outrageous to nature, or lying sideways with his hair
 among the wine-glasses, or developing his restlessness of limb in some
 other form incompatible with the general interests of society; and by
 Master Micawber's receiving those discoveries in a resentful spirit. I sat
 all the while, amazed by Mr. Micawber's disclosure, and wondering what
 it meant; until Mrs. Micawber resumed the thread of the discourse, and
 claimed my attention.
    " What I particularly request Mr. Micawber to be careful of, is," said

 Mrs. Micawber, " that he does not, my dear Mr. Copperfield, in applying
 himself to this subordinate branch of the law, place it out of his power to
rise, ultimately, to the top of the tree. I am convinced that Mr.
Micawber, giving his mind to a profession so adapted to his fertile
resources, and his flow of language, must distinguish himself. Now, for
example, Mr. Traddles," said Mrs. Micawber, assuming a profound air,
'&lt; a Judge, or even say a Chancellor.       Does an individual place himself
beyond the pale of those preferments by entering on such an office as
Mr. Micawber has accepted?"
    " My dear," observed Mr. Micawber-but glancing inquisitively at
Traddles, too; " we have time enough      - before us, for the consideration
of those questions."
    " Micawber," she returned, "no ! Your mistake in life is, that you do
not look forward far enough. You are bound, in justice to your family,
if not to yourself, to take in at a comprehensive glance the extremest point
in the horizon to which your abilities may lead you.
    Mr. Micawber coughed, and drank his punch with an air of exceeding
satisfaction-still glancing a t Traddles, as if he desired to have his
opinion.
