588           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 Crewler couldn't see me before we left-couldn't forgive me, then, for
depriving her of her child-but she is a good creature, and has done so
since, I had a delightful letter from her, only this morning."
     "And in short, my dear friend," said I, "you feel as blest as you
 deserve to feel! "
     " Oh ! That 'S your partiality ! " laughed Traddles.      But, indeed, I
am in a most enviable state. I work hard, and read Law insatiably. I
get up at five every morning, and don't mind it at all. I hide tile girls in
the day-time, and make merry with them in the evening. And I assure
you I am quite sorry that they are going home on Tuesday, which is the
day before the first day of Michaelmas Term. But here," said Traddles,
breaking off in his confidence, and speaking aloud, " are the girls ! Mr.
Copperfield, Miss Crewler-Miss Szah-Miss Louisa-Margaret                 and
Lucy ! "
    They were a perfect nest of roses ; they looked so wholesome and fresh.
They were all pretty, and Miss Caroline was very handsome; but there
was a loving, cheerful, fireside quality in Sopliy's bright looks, which was
better than that, and which assured me that my friend had chosen well.
We all sat round the fire ; while the sharp boy, who I now divined had lost
his breath in putting the papers out, cleared them away again, and pro-
duced the tea-things. After that, he retired for the night, shutting the
outer-door upon us with a bang. Mrs. Traddles, with perfect pleasure
and coniposure beaming from her household eyes, having made the tea,
then quietly made the toast as she sat in a corner by the fire.
    She had seen Agnes, she told me while she was toasting. "Tom" had
taken her down into Kent for a wedding trip, and there she had seen my
aunt, too ; and both my aunt and Agnes were well, and they had all talked
of nothing but me. "Tom" had never had me out of his thoughts,
she really believed, all the time I had been away. "Tom " was the
authority for everything. "Tom" was evidently the idol of her life;
never to be shaken on his pedestal by any commotion; always to be
believed in, and done homage to with the whole faith of her heart, come
what might.
    The deference which both she and Traddles showed towards the Beauty,
pleased me very much. I don't know that I thought it very reasonable;
but I thought it very delightful, and essentially a part of their character.
If Traddles ever for an instant missed the teaspoons that werc still to be
won, I have no doubt it was when he handed the Beauty her tea. If his
sweet-tempered wife could have got up any self-assertion against any one,
I am satisfied it could only have been because she was the Beauty's sister.
A few slight indications of a rather petted and capricious manner, which I
observed in the Beauty, were manifestly considered, by Traddles and
his wife, as her birthright and natural endowment. If she had been born
a Queen Bee, and they laboring Bees, they could not have been more
 satisfied of that.
    But their self-forgetfulness charmed me. Their pride in these girls,
 and their submission of themselves to all their whims, was the pleasantest
 little testimony to their own worth I could have desired to see. If
 Traddles were addressed as " a darling," once in the course of that
 evening ; and besought to bring something here, or carry something there,
