202           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    I told him, as majestically as I could, that I wasn't in the humour for
a fowl.
    "Ain't you ! " said the waiter. "Young gentlemen is generally tired of
beef and mutton, have a weal cutlet! "
    I assented to this proposal, in default of being able to suggest anything
else.
    "Do you care for taters? " said the waiter, with an insinuating smile,
and his head on one side. " Young gentlemen generally has been over-
dosed with taters."
    I commanded him, in my deepest voice, to order a veal cutlet and pota-
toes, and all things fitting; and to inquire at the bar if there were any
letters for Trotwood Copperfield, Esquire-which I knew there were not,
and couldn't be, but thought it manly to appear to expect.
    He soon came back to say that there were none (at which I was much
surprised), and began to lay the cloth for my dinner in a box by the fire.
While he was so engaged, he asked me what I would take with it ; and on
my replying '(Half a pint of sherry," thought it a favourable opportunity,
I am afraid, to extract that measure of wine from the stale leavings at the
bottoms of several small decanters. I am of this opinion, because, while I
was reading the newspaper, I observed him behind a low wooden par-
tition, which was his private apartment, very busy pouring out of a
number of those vessels into one, like a chemist and druggist making up
a prescription. When the wine came, too, I thought it flat ; and it cer-
tainly had more English crumbs in it, than were to be expected in a
foreign wine in anything like a pure state ; but I was bashful enough t o
drink it, and say nothing.
    Being, then, in a pleasant frame of mind (from which I infer that
 poisoning is not always disagreeable in some stages of the process), I
resolved to go to the play. I t was Covent Garden Theatre that I chose;
and there, from the back of a centre box, I saw Julius Czsar and the new
Pantomime. To have all those noble Romans alive before me, and
walking in and out for my entertainment, instead of being the stern task-
masters they had been at school, was a most novel and delightful effect.
But the mingled reality and mystery of the whole show, the influence
upon me of the poetry, the lights, the music, the company, the smooth
stupendous changes of glittering and brilliant scenery, were so dazzling,
and opened up such illimitable regions of delight, that when I came out
into the rainy street, at twelve o'clock at night, I felt as if I had come
from the clouds, where I had been leading a romantic life for ages, to
a bawling, splashing, link-lighted, umbrella-struggling, hackney-coach-
jostling, patten-clinking, muddy, miserable world.
    I had emerged by another door, and stood in the street for a little
 while, as if I really were a stranger upon earth: but the unceremonious
 pushing and hustling that I received, soon recalled me to myself, and put
 me in the road back to the hotel; whither I went, revolving the glorious
vision all the way; and where, after some porter and oysters, I sat
 revolving it still, at past one o'clock, with my eyes on the coffee-room fire.
    I was so filled with the play, and with the past-for it was, in a manner,
 like a shining transparency,through which I saw my earlier life moving along
 -that I don't know when the figure of a handsome well-formed young
