434            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 reflection, it was an unspeakable relief to me to have this assurance from
 her own truthful lips. 1told her so, earnestly.
    "And when this visit is over," said I,-" for we may not be alone
 another time,--how long is it likely to be, my dear Agnes, before you come
to London again? "
    " Probably a long time,"   she replied; " I think it will be best-for
papa's sake-to remain at home. We are not likely to meet often, for
some time to come; but I shall be a good correspondent of Dora's, and
we shall frequently hear of one another that way."
    We were now within the little court-yard of the Doctor's cottage.
I t was growing late. There was a light in the window of Mrs. Strong's
chamber, and Agnes, pointing to it, bade me good night.
    "Do not be troubled," she said, giving me her hand, "by our mis-
fortunes and anxieties. I can be happier in nothing than in your happi-
ness. If you can ever give me help, rely upon it I will ask you for it. God
bless yon always ! "
    In her beaming smile, and in these last tones of her cheerful voice, I
seemed again to see and hear my little Dora in her company. I stood
awhile, looking through the porch at the stars, with a heart full of love and
gratitude, and then walked slowly forth. I had engaged a bed at a decent
alehouse close by, and was going out at the gate, when, happening to turn
my head, I saw a light in the Doctor's study. A half-reproachful fancy
came into my mind, that he had been working at the Dictionary without
my help. With the view of seeing if this were so, and, in any case, of
bidding him good night, if he were yet sitting among his books, I turned
back, and going softly across the hall, and gently opening the door,
looked in.
    The first person whom I saw, to my surprise, by the sober light of the
shaded lamp, was Uriah. He was standing close beside it, with one of
his skeleton hands over his mouth, and the other resting on the Doctor's
table. The Doctor sat in his study chair, covering his face with his
hands. Mr. Wickfield, sorely troubled and distressed, was leaning
forward, irresolutely touching the Doctor's arm.
    For an instant, I supposed that the Doctor was ill. I hastily advanced
a step under that impression, when I met Uriah's eye, and saw what was
the matter. I wonld have withdrawn, but the Doctor made a gesture to
detain me, and I remained.
    "At any rate," observed Uriah, with a writhe of his ungainly person,
"we may keep the door shut. We needn't make it known to a m the
town."
    Saying which, he went on his toes to the door, which I had left open,
and carefully closed it. I l e then came back, and took up his former
position. There was an obtrusive show of compassionate zeal in his
voice and manner, more intolerable-at least to me-than any demeanour
he could have assumed.
    " I have felt it incumbent upon me, Master Copperfield,"     said Uriah,
"to point out to Doctor Strong what you and me have already talked
about. You didn't exactly understand me, though ? "
    1 gave him a look, but no other answer; and, going to my good old
master, said a few words that I meant to be words of comfort and encou-
