                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          389
   " - was induced and persuaded by me," I went on, swallowing that
colder designation, " t o consent to this concealment, and I bitterly
regret it."
    "You are very much to blame, sir," said Mr. Spenlow, walking to
and fro upon the hearth-rug, and emphasizing what he said with his whole
body instead of his head, on account of the stiffness of his cravat and
spine. "You have done a stealthy and unbecoming action, Mr.
Copperfield. When I take a gentleman to my house, no matter whether
he is nineteen, twenty-nine, or ninety, I take him there in a spirit of
confidence. If he abuses my confidence, he commits a dishonourable
action, Mr. Copperfield."
   "1 feel it, sir, I assure you," I returned. " But I never thought so,
before. Sincerely, honestly, indeed, Mr. Spenlow, I never thought so,
before. I love Miss Spenlow to that extent-"
   " Pooh ! nonsense ! " said Mr. Spenlow, reddening. '' Pray don't tell
me to my face that you love my daughter, Mr. Copperfield ! "
   "Could I defend my conduct if I did not, sir?" I returned, with all
humility.
    " Can you defend your conduct if you do, sir?" said Mr. Spenlow,

stopping short upon the hearth-rug. " Have you considered your years,
and my daughter's years, Mr. Copperfield ? Have you considered what it
is to undermine the confidence that should subsist between my daughter
and myself? Have you considered my daughter's station in life, the
projects I may contemplate for her advancement, the testamentary inten-
tions I may have with reference to her? Have you considered anything,
Mr. Copperfield ? "
   "Very little, sir, I am afraid ;" I answered, speaking to him as respect-
fully and sorrowfully as I felt ; " but pray believe me, I have considered
my own worldly position. When I explained it to you, we were already
engaged-"
   " I BEG," said Mr. Spenlow, more like Punch than I had ever seen
him, as he energetically struck one hand upon the other-I could not
help noticing that even in my despair; "that you will NOT talk to me of
engagements, Mr. Copperfield !"
   The otherwise immoveable Miss Murdstone laughed contemptuously in
one short syllable.
   "When I explained my altered position to you, sir," I began again,
substituting a new form of expression for what was so unpalatable to him,
"this concealment, into which I am so unhappy as to have led Miss
Spenlow, had begun. Since I have been in that altered position, I have
strained every nerve, I have exerted every energy, to improve it. I am
sure I shall improve it in time. Will you grant me time-any length
of time ? We are both so young, sir,-"
   "You are right," interrupted Mr. Spenlow, nodding his head a great
many times, and frowning very much, " you are both very young. I t ' s
all nonsense. Let there be an end of the nonsense. Take away those
letters, and throw them in the fire. Give me Miss Spenlow's letters to
throw in the fire; and although our future intercourse must, you are
aware, be restricted to the Commons here, we will agree to make no further
mention of the past. Come, Mr. Copperfield, you don't want sense ; and
this is the sensible course."
