                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           181
   " Oh, thank you, Master Copperfield," he answered, shaking his head.
" I am sure it's very kind of you to make the offer, but I am much too
 umble to accept it."
        What nonsense, Uriah ! "
     " Oh, indeed you must excuse me, Master Copperfield ! I am greatly
 obliged, and I should like it of all things, I assure you; but I am far too
 umble. There are people enough to tread upon me in my lowly state,
 without my doing outrage to their feelings by possessing learning.
 Learning ain't for me. A person like myself had better not aspire. If he
 is to get on in life, he must get on umbly, Master Copperfield."
    I never saw his mouth so wide, or the creases in his cheeks so deep, as
 when he delivered himself of these sentiments : shaking his head all the
 time, and writhing modestly.
    " I think you are wrong, Uriah," I said. " I dare say there are several
 things that I could teach you, if you would like to learn them."
    " Oh, I don't doubt that, Master Copperfield," he answered; "not in
 the least. But not being umble yourself, you don't judge well, perhaps,
 for them that are. I won't provoke my betters with knowledge, thank you.
 I 'm much too umble. Here is my umble dwelling, Master Copperfield !       J J




    We entered a low, old-fashioned room, walked straight into from the
 street, and found there, Mrs. Heep, who was the dead image of Uriah,
 only short. She received me with the utmost humility, and apologised
to me for giving her son a kiss, observing that, lowly as they were, they
had their natural affections, which they hoped would give no offence to
any one. I t was a perfectly decent room, half parlor and half kitchen, but
not at all a snug room. The tea-things were set upon the table, and the
kettle was boiling on the hob. There was a chest of drawers with an escru-
toire top, for Uriah to read or write at of an evening; there was Uriah's blue
bag lying down and vomiting papers; there was a company of Uriah's books,
 commanded by Mr. Tidd; there was a corner cupboard; and there were the
usual articles of furniture. I don't remember that any individual object had
a bare, pinched, spare look ; but I do remember that the whole place had.
    I t was perhaps a part of Mrs. Heep's humility, that she still wore weeds.
Notwithstanding the lapse of time that had occurred since Mr. Heep's
decease, she still wore weeds. I think there was some compromise in the
cap ; but otherwise she was as weedy as in the early days of her mourning.
    " This is a day to be remembered, my Uriah, I am sure," said Mrs.
Heep, making the tea, "when Master Copperfield pays us a visit."
    "I said you 'd think so, mother," said Uriah.
    "If I could have wished father to remain among us for any reason,"
said Mrs. Heep, "it would have been, that he might have known his com-
pany this afternoon."
    I felt embarrassed by these compliments ; but I was sensible, too, of
being entertained as an honored guest, and I thought Mrs. Heep an
agreeable woman.
    " My Uriah," said Mrs. Heep, "has looked forward to this, sir, a long
while. He had his fears that our umbleness stood in the way, and I joined
in them myself. Umble we are, umble we have been, umble we shall
ever be," said Mrs. Heep.
    " I am sure you have no occasion to be so, ma'am," I said, " unless you
like."
