                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           35
    He pointed to the washing-stand, which I had made out to be like
Mrs. Gummidge, and motioned me with his head to obey him directly. I
had little doubt then, and I have less doubt now, that he would have
knocked me down without the least compunction, if I had hesitated.
    " Clara, my dear," he said, when I had done his bidding, and he walked
me into the parlor, with his hand still on my arm ; "you will not be made
uncomfortable any more, I hope. We shall soon improve our youthful
humours."
    God help me, I might have been improved for my whole life, I might
have been made another creature perhaps, for life, by a kind word at that
season. A word of encouragement and explanation, of pity for my
childish ignorance, of welcome home, of reassurance to me that it was
home, might have made me dutiful to him in my heart henceforth, instead
of in my hypocritical outside, and might have made me respect instead of
hate him. I thought my mother was sorry to see me standing in the
room so scared and strange, and that, presently, when I stole to a chair,
she followed me with her eyes more sorrowfully still-missing, perhaps,
some freedom in my childish tread-but the word was not spoken, and
the time for it was gone.
    We dined alone, we three together. He seemed to be very fond of
my mother-I am afraid I liked him none the better for that-and she
was very fond of him. I gathered from what they said, that an elder
sister of his was coming to stay with them, and that she was expected
that evening. I am not certain whether I found out then, or afterwards,
that, without being actively concerned in any business, he had some share
in, or some annual charge upon the profits of, a wine-merchant's house in
London, with which his family had been connected from his great-grand-
father's time, and in which his sister had a similar interest; but I may
mention it in this place, whether or no.
    After dinner, when we were sitting by the fire, and I was meditating
an escape to Peggotty without having the hardihood to slip away, lest
it should offend the master of the house, a coach drove up to the
garden-gate, and he went out to receive the visitor. My mother followed
him. I was timidly following her, when she turned round at the parlor-
door, in the dusk, and taking me in her embrace as she had been used to
do, whispered me to love my new father and be obedient to him. She
did this hurriedly and secretly, as if it were wrong, but tenderly; and,
putting out her hand behind her, held mine in it, until we came near to
where he was standing in the garden, where she let mine go, and drew
her's through his arm.
    I t was Miss Murdstone who was arrived, and a gloomy-looking lady
she was ; dark, like her brother, whom she greatly resembled in face and
voice ; and with very heavy eyebrows, nearly meeting over her large nose, as
if, being disabled by the wrongs of her sex from wearing whiskers, she had
 carried them to that account. She brought with her, two uncompromising
 hard black boxes, with her initials on the lids in hard brass nails.
 When she paid the coachman she took her money out of a hard steel
 purse, and she kept the purse in a very jail of a bag which hung upon
 her arm by a heavy chain, and shut up like a bite. I had never, at that
 time, seen such a metallic lady altogether as Miss Murdstone was.
                                     D 2
