                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          391
quished altogether, be induced in some anxious moment to guard her from,
and surround her with protections against, the consequences of, any foolish
step in the way of marriage. Now, Mr. Copperfield, I hope that you will
not render it necessary for me to open, even for a quarter of an hour, that
closed page in the book of life, and unsettle, even for a quarter of an hour,
grave affairs long since composed."
   There was a serenity, a tranquillity, a calm-sunset air about him, which
quite affected me. H e was so peaceful and resigned-clearly had his
affairs in such perfect train, and so systematically wound up-that he was
a man to feel touched in the contemplation of. I really think I saw tears
rise to his eyes, from the depth of his own feeling of all this.
   But what could I d o ? I could not deny Dora and my own heart.
When he told me I had better take a week to consider of what he had said,
how could I say I wouldn't take a week, yet how could I fail to know that
no amount of weeks could influence such love as mine ?
   " I n the meantime, confer with Miss Trotwood, or with any person with
any knowledge of life," said Mr. Spenlow, adjusting his cravat with both
hands. " Take a week, Mr. Copperfield."
   I submitted; and, with a countenance as expressive as I was able to
make it of dejected and despairing constancy, came out of the room.
Miss Murdstone's heavy eyebrows followed me to the door-I say her
eyebrows rather than her eyes, because they were much more important
in her face-and she looked so exactly as she used to look, at about that
hour of the morning, in our parlour at Blunderstone, that I could have
fancied I had been breaking down in my lessons again, and that the dead
weight on my mind was that horrible old spelling-book, with oval
woodcuts, shaped, to my youthful fancy, like the glasses out of spectacles.
   When I got to the office, and, shutting out old Tiffey and the rest of
them with my hands, sat at my desk, in my ow11 particular nook, thinking
of this earthquake that had taken place so unexpectedly, and in the bitter-
ness of my spirit cursing Jip, I fell into such a state of torment about
Dora, that I wonder I did not take up my hat and rush insanely to Nor-
wood. The idea of their frightening her, and making her cry, and of my
not being there to comfort her, was so excruciating, that it impelled me
to write a wild letter to Mr. Spenlow, beseeching him not to visit upon
her the consequences of my awful destiny. I implored him to spare her
gentle nature-not to crush a fragile flower-and addressed him generally,
to the best of my remembrance, as if, instead of being her father, he had
been an Ogre, or the Dragon of Wantley. This letter I sealed and laid
upon his desk before he returned; and when he came in, I saw him,
through the half-opened door of his room, take it up and read it.
   H e said nothing about it all the morning; but before he went away in
the afternoon he called me in, and told me that I need not make myself
at all uneasy about his daughter's happiness. He had assured her, he
said, that it was all nonsense; and he had nothing more to say to her.
H e believed he was an indulgent father (as indeed he was), and I might
spare myself any solicitude on her account.
   " You may make it necessary, if you are foolish or obstinate, Mr. Cop-

perfield," he observed, " for me to send my daughter abroad again, for a
term; but I have a better opinion of you. I hope you will be wiser than
