104            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERLENCE

 sound fainter in my ears, putting a short clause into my prayers, petitioning
 that I might grow up to marry little Em'ly, and so dropping lovingly asleep.
    The days passed pretty much as they had passed before, except-it
 was a great exception-that little Em'ly and I seldom wandered on the
beach now. She had tasks to learn, and needle-work to do; and was
 absent during a great part of each day. But I felt that we should not have
had those old wanderings, even if it had been otherwise. Wild and full
of childish whims as Em'ly was, she was more of a little woman than I
had supposed. She seemed to have got a great distance away from me,
inlittle more than a year. She liked me, but she laughed at me, and
 tormented me ;and when I went to meet her, stole home another way, and
was laughing at the door when I came back, disappointed. The best
times were when she sat quietly at work in the doorway, and I sat on the
wooden step at her feet, reading to her. I t seems to me, at this hour, that
I have never seen such sunlight as on those bright April afternoons ; that
I have never seen such a sunny little figure as I used to see, sitting in
the doorway of the old boat ; that I have never beheld such sky, such
water, such glorified ships sailing away into golden air.
    On the very &st evening after our arrival, Mr. Barkis appeared in an
 exceedingly vacant and awkward condition, and with a bundle of oranges
tied up in a handkerchief. As he made no allusion of any kind to this
property, he was supposed to have left it behind him by accident when he
went away; until Ham, running after him to restore it, came back with
the information that it wasintended for Peggotty. After that occasion he
appeared every evening at exactly the same hour, and always with a little
bundle, to which he never alluded, and which he regularly put behind the
door, and left there. These offerings of affection were of a most various
and eccentric description. Among them I remember a double set of
pig's trotters, a huge pin-cushion, half a bushel or so of apples, a pair of
jet earrings, some Spanish onions, a box of dominoes, a canary bird and
cage, and a leg of pickled pork.
    Mr. Barkis's wooing, as I remember it, was altogether of a peculiar
kind. H e very seldom said anything ; but would sit by the fire in much the
same attitude as he sat in, in his cart, and stare heavily at Peggotty, who
was opposite. One night, being, as I suppose, inspired by love, he made a
dart at the bit of wax-candle she kept for her thread, and put it in his
waistcoat-pocket and carried it off. After that, his great delight was to
produce it when it was wanted, sticking to the lining of his pocket, in a
partially-melted state, and pocket it again when it was done with. H e
seemed to enjoy himself very much, and not to feel at all called upon to
talk. Even when he took Peggotty out for a walk on the flats, he had no
uneasiness on that head, I believe ; contenting himself with now and then
asking her if she was pretty comfortable; and I remember that sometimes,
after he was gone, Peggotty would throw her apron over her face, and
laugh for half-an-hour. Indeed, we were all more or less amused, ex-
cept that miserable Mrs. Gummidge, whose courtship would appear to
have been of an exactly parallel nature, she was so continually reminded
by these transactions of the old one.
   At length, when the term of my visit was nearly expired, it was given
out that Peggotty and Mr. Barkis were going to make a day's holiday
together, and that little Em'ly and I were to accompany them. I had
