366            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 head as if she were making snaps or bounces at him. But, he said to me
 aside in a meek voice :
    "I am well aware, Master Copperfield, that Miss Trotwood, though an
 excellent lady, has a quick temper (indeed I think I had the pleasure of
 knowing her, when I was a numble clerk, before you did, Master Copper-
 field), and it's only natural, I am sure, that it should be made quicker by
 present circumstances. The wonder is, that it isn't much worse ! I
 only called to say that if there was anything we could do, in present cir-
 cumstances, mother or self, or Wickfield and Heep, we should be really
 glad. I may go so far?" said Uriah, with a sickly smile at his partner.
    " Uriah Heep," said Mr. Wickfield, in a monotonous forced way, " is

 active in the business, Trotwood. What he says, I quite concur in. You
 know I had an old interest in you. Apart from that, what Uriah says
 I quite concur in ! "
    " Oh, what a reward it is," said Uriah, drawing up one leg,at the risk of

bringing down upon himself another visitation from my aunt, " t o be so
trusted in ! But I hope I am able to do something to relieve him from
the fatigues of business, Master Copperfield ! "
    " Uriah Heep is a great relief to me," said Mr. Wickfield, in the same

 dull voice. " It's a load off my mind, Trotwood, to have such a partner."
    The red fox made him say all this, I knew, to exhibit him to me in the
light he had indicated on the night when he poisoned my rest. I saw the
 same ill-favored smile upon his face again, and saw how he watched me.
    " You are not going, papa? " said Agnes, anxiously.       "Will you not
walk back with Trotwood and me? "
    He would have looked to Uriah, I believe, before replying, if that worthy
had not anticipated him.
    " I am bespoke myself," said Uriah, " on business; otherwise I should

have been appy to have kept with my friends. But I leave my partner to
represent the firm. Miss Agnes, ever yours ! I wish you good-day,
Master Copperfield, and leave my umble respects for Miss Betsey Trotwood."
    With those words, he retired, kissing his great hand, and leering at us
like a mask.
    We sat there, talking about our pleasant old Canterbury days, an hour
or two. Mr. Wickfield, left to Agnes, soon became more like his former
self; though there was a settled depression upon him, which he never
shook off. For all that, he brightened; and had an evident pleasure in
hearing us recall the little incidents of our old life, many of which he
remembered very well. He said it was like those times, to be alone with
Agnes and me again; and he wished to Heaven they had never changed.
I am sure there was an influence in the placid face of Agnes, and in the
very touch of her hand upon his arm, that did wonders for him.
    My aunt (who was busy nearly all this while with Peggotty, in the inner
room) would not accompany us to the place where they were staying, but
insisted on my going; and I went. We dined together. After dinner,
Agnes sat beside him, as of old, and poured out his wine. He took what
she gave him, and no more-like a child-and we all three sat together at a
window as the evening gathered in. When it was almost dark, he lay
down on a sofa, Agnes pillowing his head and bending over him a little
while ; and when she came back to the window, it was not so dark but I
could see tears glittering in her eyes.
