                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                              CHAPTER XLI.


   AT last, an answer came from the two old ladies. They presented
their compliments to Mr. Copperfield, and informed him that they had given
his letter their best consideration, "with a view to the happiness of both
parties "-which I thought rather an alarming expression, not only because
of the use they had made of it in relation to the family difference before-
mentioned, but because I had (and have all my life) observed that conven-
tional phrases are a sort of fireworks, easily let off, and liable to take a great
variety of shapes and colors not at all suggested by their original form. The
Misses Spenlow added that they begged to forbear expressing, "through
the medium of correspondence," an opinion on the subject of Mr. Cop-
perfiela's communication ; but that if Mr. Copperfield would do them the
favor to call, upon a certain day, (accompanied, if he thought proper, by
a confidential friend), they would be happy to hold some conversation on
the subject.
   To this favor, Mr. Copperfield immediately replied, with his respectful
compliments, that he would have the honor of waiting on the Misses
Spenlow, at the time appointed; accompanied, in accordance with their
kind permission, by his friend Mr. Thomas Traddles of the Inner Temple.
13aving dispatched which missive, Mr. Copperfield fell into a condition of
strong nervous agitation ; and so remained until the day arrived.
   It was a great augmentation of my uneasiness to be bereaved, at this
eventful crisis, of the inestimable services of Miss Mills. But Mr. Mills,
who was always doing something or other to annoy me-or I felt as if he
were, which was the same thing-had brought his conduct to a climax,
by taking it into his head that he would go to India. Why should he go
to India, except to harass me? To be sure he had nothing to do with
any other part of the world, and had a good deal to do with that part;
being entirely in the India trade, whatever that was (I had floating
dreams myself concerning golden shawls and elephant's teeth) ; having
been at Cdcutta in his youth; and designing now to go out there
again, in the capacity of resident partner. But this was nothing to me.
However, it was so much to him that for India he was bound, and
Julia with him; and Julia went into the country to take leave of her
relations ; and the house .was pnt into a perfect suit of bills, announcing
that it was to be let or sold, and that the furniture (Mangle and all) was
to be taken at a valuation. So, here was another earthquake of which I
became the sport, before I had recovered from the shock of its predecessor !
   I was in several minds how to dress myself on the important day;
being divided between my desire to appear to advantage, and my appre-
hensions of putting on anything that might impair my severely practical
character in the eyes of the Misses Spenlow. I endeavoured to hit a
happy medium between these two extremes ; my aunt approved the result ;
                                                                 E E
