262           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 be thc portrait of a pug-dog. H e told me he was happy to have the
 honour of making my acquaintance ; and when I had paid my homage to
 Mrs. Waterbrook, presented me, with much ceremony, to a very awful
lady in a black velvet dress, and a great black velvet hat, whom I remember
 as looking like a near relation of Hamlet's-say his aunt.
    Mrs. Henry Spiker was this lady's name ; and her husband was there
too : so cold a man, that his head, instead of being grey, seemed to be
 sprinkled with hoar-frost. Immense deference was shown to the Henry
Spikers, male and female ; which Agnes told me was on account of Mr.
Henry Spiker being solicitor to something or to somebody, I forget what
or which, remotely connected with the Treasury.
    I found Uriah Heep among the company, in a suit of black, and in
deep humility. H e told me, when I shook hands with him, that he was
proud to be noticed by me, and that he really felt obliged to me for my
condescension. I could have wished he had been less obliged to me, for
he hovered about me in his gratitude all the rest of the evening; and
whenever I said a word to Agnes, was sure, with his shadowless eyes and
cadaverous face, to be looking gauntly down upon us from behind.
   There were other guests-all iced for the occasion, as it struck me, like
the wine. But, there was one who attracted my attention before he
came in, on account of my hearing him announced as Mr. Traddles ! My
mind flew back to Salem House ; and could it be Tommy, I thought, who
used to draw the skeletons !
   I looked for Mr. Traddles with unusual interest. He was a sober,
steady-looking young man of retiring manners, with a comic head of
hair, and eyes that were rather wide open; and he got into an obscure
corner so soon, that I had some difficulty in making him out. At length
I had a good view of him, and either my vision deceived me, or it was
the old unfortunate Tommy.
   I made my way to Mr. Waterbrook, and said, that I believed I had
the pleasure of seeing an old schoolfellow there.
    " Indeed? " said Mr. Waterbrook, surprised.      " You are too young to

have been at school with Mr. Henry Spiker ? "
    " Oh, I don't    mean him ! " I returned. " I mean the gentleman
named Traddles."
   " Oh ! Aye, aye ! Indeed ! " said my host, with much diminished
interest. " Possibly."
   " If it's really the same person," said I, glancing towards him, " it was

at a place called Salem House where we were together, and he was an
excellent fellow."
   " Oh yes. Traddles is a good fellow," returned my host, nodding
his head with an air of toleration. " Traddles is quite a good fellow."
   " It's a curious coincidence," said I.

   " It is really," returned my host, " quite a coincidence, that Traddles
should be here at all : as Traddles was only invited this morning, when
the place at table, intended to be occupied by Mrs. Henry Spiker's brother,
became vacant, in consequence of his indisposition. A very gentlemanly
man, Mrs. Henry Spiker's brother, Mr. Copperfield."
    I murmured an assent, which was full of feeling, considering that I
knew nothing at all about him; and I inquired what Mr. Traddles was by
profession.
