THE PHILOSOPHICAL WORKS OF JOHN LOCKE ;
                                  COMPRISING

The Conduct of the Understanding-Essay on the Human Understanding-
  Examination of P.Malebranche's Opinion of seeing all things in God-Remarks
  upon some of Nr. Norris's Books-Elements of Natural Philosophy-Some
  Thoughts concerning Reading and Study for a Gentleman. With a Preliminary
                                        Esq. Super-royal avo. price 14s. cloth
  Discourse and Notes, by J. A. ST. JOHN,
  lettered.

       Dedicated to the Queen, by Her Majesty's express Command.

                HOUSEHOLD VERSES,

Embellished with a Vignette Title and Frontispiece, engraved by BEXTLEY, from
         Drawings by CHURCHYARD.    Foolscap 8v0, cloth extra, price 6s.



                 LAYS AND LEGENDS,
     ILLUSTRATIVE                    OF      ENGLISH                LIFE.
                             By CAMILL-4
                                      TOULMIN.
                I n demy quarto, tastefully bound and gilt, 21s.


              THE           BOOK             OF        ART;
or, Cartoons, Frescoes, Sculpture, and Decorative Art, as applied to the New
          Houses of Parliament, as also to Building in general.
  The volume contains above One Hundred Engravings, price 14s. cloth gilt.



      WISE SAWS AND MODERN INSTANCES.
                            By THOMAS    COOPER,
  Author of (' The Purgatory of Suicides." Two volumes, small 8vo. 15s.



               By the same Author, foolscap 870. price 5s. cloth,

         T H E BARON'S Y U L E FEAST;
                 B C$ri$tma~Sqgme.

                THE PALFREY;
        A EOVB STORTf OF O & D E B YEME.$
                               By LEIGHHUNT.
    With Six Illustrations by MEADOWS,
                                    FRANKLIN,
                                           and SCOTT.Post 8v0. 5s.


              A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
         LONDON:                                 ROW.
