602            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 "I admit that, at all events. Bless my soul, when I see her getting up
 by candle-light on these dark mornings, busying herself in the day's
 arrangements, going out to market before the clerks come into the Inn,
caring for no weather, devising the most capital little dinners out of the
plainest materials, making puddings and pies, keeping everything in its
right place, always so neat and ornamental herself, s ~ t t ~ up
                                                              n g at night with
me if lt 'S ever so late, sweet-tempered and encouraging always, and all for
me, I positively sometimes can't believe it, Copperfield ! "
    He was tender of the very slippers she had been warming, as he put
them on, and stretched his feet enjogingly upon the fender.
    " I positively sometimes can't believe it," said Traddles. "Then, our
pleasures ! Dear me, they are inexpensive, but they are quite wonderful !
When we are at home here, of an evening, and shut the outer door, and
draw those curtains-which she made-where could we be more snug?
When it 'S fine, and we go out for a walk in the evening, the streets abound
ill enjoyment for us. We look into the glittering windows of the jewellers'
shops; and I show Sophy which of the diamond-eyed serpents, coiled up on
white satin rising grounds, I wouid give her if I could afford i t ; and
Sophy shows me which of the gold watches that are capped and jewelled
and engine-turned, and possessed of the horizontal lever-escape-movement,
and all sorts of things, she would buy for me if she could afford i t ; and
we pick out the spoons and forks, fish-slices, butter-knives, and sugar-
tongs, we should both prefer if we could both afford it ; and really we go
away as if we had got them ! Then, when we stroll into the squares, and
great streets, and see a house to let, sometimes we look up at it, and say,
how would that do, if I was made a judge ? And we parcel it out-such
a room for us, such rooms for the girls, and so forth ; until we settle to our
satisfaction that it would do, or it wouldn't do, as the case may be.
Sometimes, we go at half-price to the pit of the theatre-the very smell of
which is cheap, in my opinion, at the money-and there we thoroughly
enjoy the play : which Sophy believes every word of, and so do I. I n
walking home, perhaps we buy a little bit of something at a cook's-shop, or
a little lobster at the fishmonger's, and bring it here, and make a splendid
supper, chatting about what we have seen. Now, you know, Copperfidd,
if I was Lord Chancellor, we couldn't do this ! "
    "You would do something, whatever you were, my dear Traddles,"
thought I, "that would be pleasant and amiable! And by the way," I
said aloud, " I suppose yon never draw any skeletons now ? "
    " Really," replied Tracldles, laughing, and reddening, " 1 can't wholly
deny that I do, my dear Copperfield. For, being in one of the back rotvs
of the King's Bench the other day, with a pen in nly hand, the fancy came
into my head to try how I had preserved that accomplishment. And I
am afraid there 'S a skeleton-in a wig-on the ledge of the desk."
   After we had both laughed heartily, Traddles wound up by looking with
a smile at the fire, and saying, in his forgiving way, " Old Creakle !"
    "I have a letter from that old-Rascal here," said I. For I never
was less disposed to forgive him the way he used to batter Traddles,
than when I saw Traddles so ready to forgive him himself.
    " Prom Creakle the schoolmaster ? " exclaimed Traddles.        " No ! "
    "Among the persons who are attracted to me in my rising fame and
