370           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   How could it be anything else ! His pockets were as full of it as his
head. I t was sticking out of him in all directions. He told me that
since his retirement from scholastic life, he had been advancing with it
wonderfully; and that nothing could suit him better than the proposed
arrangements for morning and evening work, as it was his custom to walk
about in the day-time with his considering cap on. His papers were in
a little confusion, in consequence of Mr. Jack Maldon having lately
proffered his occasional services as an amanuensis, and not being accus-
tomed to that occupation ; but we should soon put right what was amiss,
and go on swimmingly. Afterwards, when we were fairly at our work, I
found Mr. Jack Maldon's efforts more troublesome to me than I had
expected, as he had not confined himself to making numerous mistakes,
but had sketched so many soldiers, and ladies' heads, over the Doctor's
manuscript, that I often became involved in labyrinths of obscurity.
   The Doctor was quite happy in the prospect of our going to work
together on that wonderful performance, and we settled to begin next
morning at seven o'clock. We were to work two hours every morning,
and two or three hours every night, except on Saturdays, when I was to
rest. On Sundays, of course, I was to rest also, and I considered these
very easy terms.
   Our plans being thus arranged to our mutual satisfaction, the Doctor
took me into the house to present me to Mrs. Strong, whom we found in
the Doctor's new study, dusting his books,-a freedom which he never
permitted anybody else to take with those sacred favorites.
   They had postponed their breakfast on my account, and we sat down to
table together. We had not been seated long, when I saw an approaching
arrival in Mrs. Strong's face, before I heard any sound of it. A gentleman
on horseback came to the gate, and, leading his horse into the little court,
with the bridle over his arm, as if he were quite at home, tied him to a ring
in the empty coach-house wall, and came into the breakfast parlor, whip in
hand. It was Mr. Jack Maldon ; and Mr. Jack Maldon was not at all
improved by India, I thought. I was in a state of ferocious virtue, how-
ever, as to young men who were not cutting down the trees in the forest
of difficulty; and my impression must be received with due allowance.
   "Mr. Jack ! " said the Doctor, " Copperfield ! "
   Mr. Jack Maldon shook hands with me; but not very warmly, I
believed ; and with an air of languid patronage, at which I secretly took
great umbrage. But his languor altogether was quite a wonderful sight;
except when he addressed himself to his cousin Annie.
   "Have you breakfasted this morning, Mr. Jack? " said the Doctor.
   "I hardly ever take breakfast, sir," he replied, with his head thrown
back in an easy chair. "I find it bores me."
   " I s there any news to-day ? " inquired the Doctor.
   " Nothing at all, sir," replied Mr. Maldon.        " There 's an account

about the people being hungry and discontented down in the North, but
they are always being hungry and discontented somewhere."
   The Doctor looked grave, and said, as though he wished to change the
subject, "Then there's no news at all ; and no news, they say, is good news."
   " There's    a long statement in the papers, sir, about a murder,"
 observed Mr. Maldon. " But somebody is always being murdered, and I
 didn't read it."
