                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            365
    What my aunt saw, or did not see, I defy the science of physiognomy
to have made out, without her own consent. I believe there never was
anybody with such an imperturbable countenance when she chose. Her
face might have been a dead wall on the occasion in question, for any
light it threw upon her thoughts ; until she broke silence with her usual
abruptness.
    G c Well, Wickfield!" said my aunt; and he looked up at her for the
first time. " I have been telling your daughter how well I have been
disposing of my money for myself, because I couldn't trust it to you, as
you were growing rusty in business matters. We have been taking
 counsel together, and getting on very well, all things considered. Agnes
 is worth the whole firm, in my opinion."
    " If I may umbly make the remark," said Uriah Heep, with a writhe,
 " I fully agree with Miss Betsey Trotwood, and should be only too
 appy if Miss Agnes was a partner."
     " You're a partner yourself, you know," returned my aunt, "and that 's

 about enough for you, I expect. How do you find yourself, sir?"
    In acknowledgment of this question, addressed to him with extraordi-
 nary curtness, Mr. Heep, uncomfortably clutching the blue bag he car-
 ried, replied that he was pretty well, he thanked my aunt, and hoped she
 was the same.
    " And you, Master-I should say, Mister Copperfield," pursued Uriah.
 "I hope I see you well ! I am rejoiced to see you, Mister Copperfield,
even under present circumstances." I believed that; for he seemed to
relish them very much. " Present circumstances is not what your friends
would wish for you, Mister Copperfield, but it isn't money makes the
man : it 's-I am really unequal with my umble powers to express what
it is," said Uriah, with a fawning jerk, "but it isn't money ! "
    Here he shook hands withme: not in the common way, but standing at
a good distance from me, and lifting my hand up and down like a pump
handle, that he was a little afraid of.
    " And how do you think we are looking, Master Copperfield,-I       should
say, Mister? " fawned Uriah. " Don't you find Mr. Wickfield blooming,
sir? Years don't tell much in our firm, Master Copperfield, except in
raising up the umble, namely, mother and self-and        in developing," he
added as an after-thought, " the beautiful, namely Miss Agnes."
    He jerked himself about, after this compliment, in such an intolerable
manner, that my aunt, who had sat looking straight at him, lost all
patience.
    " Deuce take the man ! " said my aunt, sternly, "what 's he about ?

Don't be galvanic, sir ! "
    " I ask your pardon, Miss Trotwood," returned Uriah ; " I '     rn aware
 you 're nervous."
     " Go along with you, sir ! " said my aunt, anything but appeased.
  " Don't presume to say so ! I am nothing of the sort. If you 're an eel, sir,
 conduct yourself like one. If you're a man, control your limbs, sir!
 Good God ! " said my aunt, with great indignation, " I am not going to
 be serpentined and corkscrewed out of my senses ! "
    Mr. Heep was rather abashed, as most people might have been, by
 this explosion; which derived great additional force from the indignant
 manner in which my aunt afterwards moved in her chair, and shook her
