                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             8'1
and his eyes stiffly towards me, " to observe that you are of a sullen disposi-
tion. This is not a character that I can suffer to develop itself beneath
my eyes without an effort at improvement. You must endeavour, sir,
to change it. We must endeavour to change it for you."
    " I beg your pardon, sir," I faltered.    " I have never meant to be sullen
since I came back."
    "Don't take refuge in a lie, sir ! " he returned so fiercely, that I saw
my mother involuntarily put out her trembling hand as if to interpose
between us. " You have withdrawn yourself in your sullenness to your
own room. You have kept your own room when you ought to have been
here. You know now, once for all, that I require you to be here, and not
there. Further, that I require you to bring obedience here. You know
me, David. I will have it done."
    Miss Murdstone gave a hoarse chuckle.
    " I will have a respectful, prompt, and ready bearing towards myself,"
he continued, "and towards Jane Murdstone, and towards your mother.
I will not have this room shunned as if it were infected, at the pleasure of
a child. Sit down."
    H e ordered me like a dog, and I obeyed like a dog.
    " One thing more," he said. " I observe that you have an attachment
to low and common company. You are not to associate with servants.
The kitchen will not improve you, in the many respects in which you need
improvement. Of the woman who abets you, I say nothing-since you,
Clara." addressing mv mother in a lower voice. "from old associations
and Ibng-establishued fancies, have a weakness respecting her which is not
yet overcome."
    " A most unaccountable delusion it is ! " cried Miss Murdstone.

    " I only say," he resumed, addressing me, "that I disapprove of your
preferring such company as Mistress Peggotty, and that it is to be
abandoned. Now, David, you understand me, and you know what will
be the consequence if you fail to obey me to the letter."
    I knew well-better perhaps than he thought, as far as my poor mother
was concerned-and I obeyed him to the letter. I retreated to my own
room no more; I took refuge with Peggotty no more ; but sat wearily in
the parlor day after day, looking forward to night, and bedtime.
    What irksome constraint I underwent, sitting in the same attitude hours
upon hours, afraid to move an arm or a leg lest Miss Murdstone should
 complain (as she did on the least pretence) of my restlessness, and afraid
 to move an eye lest it should light on some look of dislike or scrutiny that
 would find new cause for complaint in mine ! What intolerable dulness
 to sit listening to the ticking of the clock ; and watching Miss Murdstone's
 little shiny steel beads as she strung them ; and wondering whether she
 would ever be married, and if so, to what sort of unhappy man; and
 counting the divisions in the moulding on the chimney-piece ; and wan-
 dering away, with my eyes, to the ceiling, among the curls and corkscrews
 in the paper on the wall !
     What walks I took alone, down muddy lanes, in the bad winter weather,
 carrying that parlor, and Mr. and Miss Murdstone in it, everywhere: a
 monstrous load that I was obliged to bear, a daymare that there was no
 possibility of breaking in, a weight that brooded on my wits, and
 blunted them !
