522           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

had been fetched from the old boat by l4r. Peggotty himself. I doubt if
she could have been induced to desert her post, by any one else. He had
evidently told them all. Both Peggotty and Mrs. Gummidge had their
aprons to their eyes, and Ham had just stepped out "to take a turn on
the beach." He presently came home, very glad to see me; and I hope
they were all the better for my being there. We spoke, with some
approach to cheerfulness, of Mr. Peggotty's growing rich in a new
country, and of the wonders he would describe in his letters. We said
nothing of Emily by name, but distantly referred to her more than once.
Ham was the serenest of the party.
    But, Peggotty told me, when she lighted me to a little chamber where
the Crocodile book was lying ready for me on the table, that he always was
the same. She believed (she told me, crying) that he was broken-hearted ;
though he was as full of courage as of sweetness, and worked harder and
better than any boat-builder in any yard in all that part. There were
times, she said, of an evening, when he talked of their old life in the boat-
house ; and then he mentioned Emily as a child. But, he never mentioned
her as a woman.
    I thought 1 had read in his face that he would like to speak to me
alone. I therefore resolved to put myself in his way next evening, as he
came home from his work. Having settled this with myself, I fell asleep.
That night, for the first time in all those many nights, the candle was
taken out of the window, Mr. Peggotty swung in his old hammock in the
old boat, and the wind murmured with the old sound round his head.
    All next day, he was occupied in disposing of his fishing-boat and
tackle; in packing up, and sending to London by waggon, such of his
little domestic possessions as he thought would be useful to him ; and in
parting with the rest, or bestowing them oil Mrs. Gummidge. She was
with him all day. As I had a sorrowful wish to see the old place once
more, before it was locked up, I engaged to meet them there in the
evening. But I so arranged it, as that I should meet Ham first.
    I t was easy to come in his way, as I knew where he worked. I met
him at a retired part of the sands, which I knew he would cross, and
turned back with him, that he might have leisure to speak to me if he
really wished. I had not inistaken the expression of his face. We had
walked but a little way together, when he said, without looking at me :
    " Mas'r Davy, have you seen her ? "

    " Only for a moment, when she was in a swoon," I softly answered.
    We walked a little farther, and he said :
    " Mas'r Davy, shall you see her, d   ' ye think? "
    " I t would be too painful to her, perhaps," said I.
    "I have thowt of that," he replied. " So 'twould, sir, so 'twould."
    " But, Ham,"    said I, gently, "if there is anything that I could write
to her, for you, in case I could not tell it ; if there is anything you would
wish to make known to her through me ; Ishould consider it a sacred trust."
    " I am sure on 't.   I thankee, sir, most kind ! I think theer is some-
 thing I could wish said or wrote."
    " What is it ? "
    We walked a little farther in silence, and then he spoke.
    " 'Tan't that I forgive her. 'Tan't that so much. 'Tis more as I beg
of her to forgive me, for having pressed my affections upoil her. Odd
