               BY THE AUTHOR OF "THE NILE BOAT."
                                FOURTH EDITION,

In One Super-Royal Octavo Volume, price 12s. cloth gilt, or 21s. morocco gilt,
       ILLUSTRATED WITH TWENTY-SEVEN ENGRAVINGS ON STEEL, A MAP, A N D
                                NUMEROUS WOODCUTS,


        FORTY DAYS I N T H E DESERT,

                                        0%

A JOURNEY FROM CAIRO BY WADY F E I R A N TO M O U N T SINAI
                    AND PETRA.
   The object of this volume is to give distinct and graphic pen and pencil
sketches of the Route of the Israelites from Egypt to Mount Sinai, dwelling par-
ticularly upon the beautiful oasis of


pronounced by Lepsius and other savans to be the real Sinai. The work also
embraces notices of the Convent of St. Catherine, Mount Hor, and the extra-
ordinary city of Petra.
  The Illustrations have all been drawn upon the spot, with every attention to
accuracy. The interest of the subject, though much has been written upon it, is,
perhaps, on the increase, fresh light having been obtained by recent researches.
In a pictorial point of view, it is full of interesting materials. The halting-places
of the Israelites, the mountain of the law-giving, the coasts of the Red Sea, the
wonderful rock scenery and excavated temples and tombs of Petra, combine to
present a wild and singular variety of illustration.



                       By the Author of   "   The Nile Boat."
FOURTH
     EDITION.-Completein One handsome Volume, Super-royal Octavo, price
                 12s. cloth gilt, 21s. morocco gilt,
              WITH TWENTY-FOUR STEEL ENGRAVINGS,
                  TWO MAPS, AND MANY SUPERIOR WOODCUTS,


         WALKS IN AND ABOUT
 THE CITY AND ENVIRONS OF JERUSALEM,
                         BY W. H. BARTLETT.
         The Engravings from Sketches taken on the              and expressly
                               for the Work.


                    Now ready, in post 8vo. price 5s. cloth gilt,

            SCRIPTURE SITES AND SCENES,
                              FROM ACTUAL SUEYEY,

                    3n dtgqpt, Prnhirr, nnh qrritsiinr,
IUustrated with deventeen Steel Engmvings, Three Maps, and Thirty-seven
                                 Woodcuts.
                                              --

               A. HALL, VIRTUE & GO. 25, PATERNOSTER
          LONDON:                                ROW.
