                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            337
     Here he ended the dialogue, which had been carried on in a low voice,
  in a corner of the outer office, by passing into Mr. Spenlow's room, and
  saying aloud, in his smoothest manner :
     '&lt; Gentlemen of Mr. Spenlow's profession are accustomed to family
  differences, and know how complicated and difficult they always are! "
  With that, he paid the money for his license ; and, receiving it neatly folded
  from Mr. Spenlow, together with a shake of the hand, and a polite wish
  for his happiness and the lady's, went out of the office.
     I might have had more difficulty in constraining myself to be silent
  under his words, if I had had less difficulty in impressing upon Peggotty
  (who was only angry on my account, good creature !) that we were not in
  a place for recrimination, and that I besought her to hold her peace. She
 was so unusual1y roused, that I was glad to compound for an affectionate
  hug, elicited by this revival in her mind of our old injuries, and to make
 the best I could of it, before Mr. Spenlow and the clerks.
     Mr. Spenlow djd not appear to know what the connexion between
 Mr. Murdstone and myself was ; which I was glad of, for I could not bear
 to acknowledge him, even in my own breast, remembering what I did of
 the history of my poor mother. Mr. Spenlow seemed to think, if he thought
  anything about the matter, that my aunt was the leader of the state
 party in our family, and that there was a rebel party commanded by
 somebody else-so I gathered at least from what he said, while we were
 waiting for Mr. Tiffey to make out Peggotty's bill of costs.
     "Miss Trotwood," he remarked, " is very firm, no doubt, and not
 likely to give way to opposition. I have an admiration for her character,
 and I may congratulate you, Copperfield, on being on the right side.
 Differences between relations are much to be deplored-but             they are
 extremely general-and the great thing is, to be on the right side:"
meaning, I take it, on the side of the moneyed interest.
    " Rather a good marriage this, I believe ? " said Mr. Spenlow.
    I explained that I knew nothing about it.
    " Indeed ! " he said.    " Speaking from the few words Mr. Murdstone

dropped-as a man frequently does on these occasions-and from what
Miss Murdstone let fall, I should say it was rather a good marriage."
    " Do you mean that there is money, sir? " I asked.
    " Yes,"   said Mr. Spenlow, " I understand there 's money. Beauty
too, I am told."
    " Indeed?     I s his new wife young? "
    " Just of age," said Mr. Spenlow.       " So lately, that I should think
they had been waiting for that."
    " Lord deliver her 1 " said Peggotty.    So very emphatically and unex-
pectedly, that we were all three discomposed; until Tiffey came in with
the bill.
    Old Tiffey soon appeared, however, and handed it to Mr. Spenlow, to
look over. Mr. Spenlow, settling his chin in his cravat and rubbing it
softly, went over the items with a deprecatory air-as if it were all Jorkins's
doing-and handed it back to Tiffey with a bland sigh.
    " Yes," he said.      " That's right. Quite right. I should have been
extremely happy, Copperfield, to have limited these charges to the actual
expenditure out of pocket; but it is an irksome incident in my professional
                                                                   z
