 166           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   " Why, it's but a dull life that we lead here, boy, I am afraid,"   he said.
   " Not more dull for me than Agnes, sir. Not dull at all ! "
      " Than Agnes," he repeated, walking slowly to the great chimney-piece,
  and leaning against it. "Than Agnes !"
     He had drank wine that evening (or I fancied it), until his eyes were
 bloodshot. Not that I could see them now, for they were cast down,
  and shaded by his hand ; but I had noticed them a little while before.
     "Now I wonder," he muttered, "whether my Agnes tires of me.
 When should I ever tire of her ! But that 's different -that's quite
 different."
     H e was musing-not speaking to me ; so I remained quiet,
     " A dull old house," he said, " and a monotonous life ; but I must have
 her near me. I must keep her near me. If the thought that I may die and
 leave my darling, or that my darling may die and leave me, comes, like a
 spectre, to distress my happiest hours, and is only to be drowned in -"
     H e did not supply the word; but pacing slowly to the place where he
 had sat, and mechanically going through the action of pouring wine from
 the empty decanter, set it down and paced back again.
     " If it is miserable to bear, when she is here," he said, " what would it

 be, and she away ? No, no, no. I can not try that."
     H e leaned against the chimney-piece, brooding so long that I could
 not decide whether to run the risk of disturbing him by going, or to
 remain quietly where I was, until he should come out of his reverie. At
 length he aroused himself, and looked about the room until his eyes
 encountered mine.
     '' Stay with us, Trotwood, eh? " he said, in his usual manner, and as
 if he were answering something I had just said. "I am glad of it. You
 are company to us both. It is wholesome to have you here. Wholesome
 for me, wholesome for Agnes, wholesome perhaps for all of us."
     "I am sure it is for me, sir," I said. " I am so glad to be here."
     " That's a fine fellow ! " said Mr. Wickfield. " As long as you are
 glad to be here, you shall stay here." H e shook hands with me upon it,
 and clapped me on the back ; and told me that when I had anything to do
at night after Agnes had left us, or when I wished to read for my own
pleasure, I was free to come down to his room, if he were there and if I
 desired it for company's sake, and to sit with him. I thanked him for his
consideration; and, as he went down soon afterwards, and I was not tired,
went down too, with a book in my hand, to avail myself, for half-an-hour,
of his permission.
    But, seeing a light in the little round office, and immediately feeling
myself attracted towards Uriah Heep, who had a sort of fascination for me,
I went in there instead. I found Uriah reading a great fat book, with
such demonstrative attention, that his lank fore-finger followed up every
line as he read, and made clammy tracks along the page (or so I fully
believed) like a snail.
    "You are working late to-night, Uriah," says I.
    "Yes, Master Copperfield," says Uriah.
    As I was getting on the stool opposite, to talk to him more conveniently,
I observed that he had not such a thing as a smile about him, and that he
could only widen his mouth and make two hard creases down his cheeks,
one on each side, to stand for one.
