                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                 13
                                        --

                        fieb Book6 anti $elu                              @Bition6
                                                 PUBLISHED BY

   WM. S. ORR & Co.,                                       2, A M E N CORNER.
                                                                         -
CHINA AND THE CHINESE, their Religion, Character, Customs, and Manu-
     factures. The evils arising from the OPIUM TRADE, with a glance a t our Religious, Moral. Political,
     and Commercial Intercourse with the Country. By HENRYC H A R L E S   SIRR, M.A., of Lincoln's Inn,
     Barrister a t Law. I n 2 vols. Bvo. cloth, £1 5s.
JOHNSON'S (G. W.) COTTAGE GARDENER ; or, Amateur's and Cottager's
      Guide to Out-door Gardening and Spade Cultivation.        Vol I., 8vn, cloth, 6s. 6d.
CUVIER'S ANIMAL KINGDOM : translated.                                 A New Edition.           With additions
     by DR. C A R P E N T Eand
                            ~ MR. WESTWOOD.Illustrated by very numerous Engravings on Wood, and
     Thirty-four on Steel, by LAKDSEER
                                     and others. Royal Svo, cloth, S 1 Is.; plates coloured, d l 11s. 6d.
MILNER'S GALLERY OF NATURE.                                A Pictorial and Descriptive Tour through
     Creation, illustrative of the wonders of Astronomy, Physical Geography, and Geology, with Sixteen
     Engravings on Steel, a n d many hundred Vignettes and Diagrams. Super-royal avo, cloth, 18s.
         MRS. LOUDON'S WORKS ON BOTANY AND GARDENING.
THE LADIES' FLOWER-GARDEN OF ORNAMENTAL ANNUALS.                                                              In
     Forty-eight beautifully-coloured Plates.     4t0, cloth, lettered, d l 15s.
THE LADIES' FLOWER-GARDEN OF ORNAMENTAL BULBOUS PLANTS.
     I n Fifty-eight coloured Plates.   Demy 4t0, cloth, lettered, &a 2s.
THE LADIES' FLOWER-GARDEN OF ORNAMENTAL PERENNIALS.                                                           In
      Ninety-six coloured Plates.   Two volumes, demy 4t0, cloth, lettered, 1 3 10s.
THE LADIES' FLOWER-GARDEN OF ORNAMENTAL GREENHOUSE
      PLANTS.     In Forty.two coloured Plates.     Demy 4t0, cloth, lettered, d I 11s. 6d.
BRITISH WILD FLOWERS.                           In Sixty Plates, containing Three Hundred and
     Fifty Species, beautifully coloured. This work includes those British Plants which are a t once common
     and ornamental, a s i t is intended principally for the use of ladies taking country walks, who m a y wish
     to know the names of Flowers they meet with i n the fields and hedgerows, and some particulars
     respecting them. Demy 4t0, cloth, lettered, &2 2s.
                              WESTWOOD'S 8RITISII INSECTS.
BRITISH BUTTERFLIES, AND THEIR TRANSFORMATIONS, exhibited in
     a Series of Forty-two colonred Plates, by H. N. HuMPnREYs, Esq.; with Descriptions by J. 0.WEST-
     WOOD,  Esq., F.L.S., &c. This work contains upwards of Four Hundred and Fifty Figures, showing t h e
     Caterpillar, Chrysalis, and Perfect Butterfly of each species, together with the Plautson which they n r e
     usually found, carefully coloured from Nature. Demy 4t0, cloth, lettered, %I 11s. 6d.
BRITISH MOTHS, AND THEIR TRANSFORMATIONS.                                                     Exhibited in a
     Series of One Hundred and Twenty-four colonred Designs, by H. N. HUMPHREYS,         Esq. ; with Descrip-
     tions by J. 0. WESTWOOD,   Esq., F.L.S., &c. Upwards of Two Thousand Three Hundred Figures, of the
     Natural Size, are given in this work, carefully coloured. I n Two Volumes, 4t0, cloth, lettered, 8 4 4s.

BON GAULTIER'S BOOK OF BALLADS.                                      Numerous Illustrations by DOYLE
      and CR~WQUILI..       Second Edition.   With several New Ballads, and additional Illustrations.    Imperial
      16m0, cloth, gilt, i s . 6d.
BECHSTEIN'S CHAMBER BIRDS : their Natural History and Management.
      Translated from the last German Edition by W. E. S a u c ~ n ~Author
                                                                    n,     of "Elements of Britlsh Ento-
      mology." With very numerous Woodcuts of Birds, Cages, &c. Post avo, cloth, gilt, 7s.
CLARK'S DRAWING AND PAINTING IN WATER COLOURS : containing
      examples of Drawing in Landscape, Flower Painting, Miniature and Historical Painting, i n various
      stages of finish, with directions for imitating them. Small 4t0, cloth, gilt, 8s. 6d.
WALKER'S MANLY EXERCISES.                               Instructions in Riding, Hunting, Shooting,
      Walking, Running! Leaping, Vaultlug, Swimming, Rowing. Sailing, and Driving. Edited and enlarged
      by C ~ A V E N Front~spiece
                       .                               and numerous Woodcut Illustrations. Post 8vo.
                                and Vignette by ABSOLON;
      cloth, gilt, 6s. 6d.
                                         NEW PERIODICALS.
             In Monthly Parts, price ls., with Illzcstrations on Steel und Wood by            " PHIZ;'
CONFESSIONS OF CON CREGAN, THE IRISH GIL BLAS.
  "The manner of the writer happily corresponds with his matter. An easier flow of narration, u7ithont
                                                                                                               ..
obtrusive familiarity, or a yet more offensive untidiness, does n o t occur to us than we find i n 'Con Cregan.'
We should be disposed to bet o n 'Con Cregan' a s more likely to carry himself very far, and his public com-
pletely away, t h a n ninety-nine out of the hundred novels of the Picaroon school."-Atheneum.
  I n Monthly Parts, price 2s. 6d. each, to be completed in Six P a ~ t sof, n New altd Comprehensive
ATLAS OF PHYSICAL GEOGRAPHY, constructed by A. PETERYANN,
                                                      F.R.G.S. ;
      with Descriptive Letterpress, embracing a General View of the Physical Phenomena of the Globe, by the
      Rev. S. MILNER,M.A., Author of the " Gallery of Nature,"&c.
