                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            605
 a bright particular star; but it was his misfortune to have his glory a little
 dimmed by the extraordinary lustre of Twenty Seven. I heard so much
of Twenty Seven, of his pious admonitions to everybody around him, and
of the beautiful letters he constantly wrote to his mother (whom he
seemed t o consider i n a very bad way), that I became quite impatient t o
see him.
    I had to restrain my impatience for some time, on account of Twenty
Seven being reserved for a concluding effect. But, at last, we came to the
door of his cell; and Mr. Creakle, loolting through a little hole in it,
reported to us, in a state of the greatest admiration, that he was readmg
a Hymn Book.
    There was such a rush of heads immediately, to see Number Twenty
Seven reading his Hymn Book, that the little hole was blocked up, six or
seven heads deep. To remedy this inconvenience, and give us an oppor-
tunity of conversing with Twenty Seven in all his purity, Mr. Creakle
directed the door of the cell to be unlocked, and Twenty Seven to be
invited out into the passage. This was done; and whom should Traddles
and I then behold, to our amazement, in this converted Number Twenty
Seven, but Uriah Heep !
    H e knew us directly; and said, as he came out-with the old writhe,-
    " How do you do, Mr. Copperfield ? Eow do you do, Mr. Traddles ? "
    This recognition caused a general admiration in the party. I rather
thought that everyone was struck by his not being proud, and taking
notice of us.
    '&lt; Well, Twenty Seven," said Mr. Creakle, mournfully admiring him.
"How do you find yourself to-day ? "
    " I am very umble, sir ! " replied Uriah Heep.

    "You are always so, Twenty Seven," said Mr. Creakle.
    Here, another gentleman asked, with extreme anxiety : " Are you quite
comfortable ? "
    "Yes, I thank you, sir! " said Uriali Heep, looking in that direction.
"Par more comfortable here, than ever I was outside. I see my follies
now, sir. That 'S what makes me comfortable."
    Several gentlemen were much affected ; and a third questioner, forcing
himself to the front, inquired with extreme feeling : '' How do you find
the beef? "
    " Thank you, sir," replied Uriah, glancing in the new direction of this
voice, "it was tougher yesterday than I could wish ; but it 'S my duty to
bear. I have committed follies, gentlemen," said Uriah, looking rouna
with a meek smile, "and I ought to bear the consequences without
repining."
    A murmur, partly of gratification at Twenty Seven's celestial state of
mind, and partly of indignation against the Contractor who had given him
any cause of complaint (a note of which was immediately made by
Mr. Creakle), having subsided, Twenty Seven stood in the midst of us, as if
he felt himself the principal object of merit in a highly meritorious museum.
That we, the neophytes, might have an excess of light shining upon us all
a t once, orders were given to let out Twenty Eight.
    I had been so much astonished already, that I only felt a kind of resigned
wonder when Mr. Littimer walked forth, reading a good book!
