 4                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.




                              1:)               HAIR                                I

            HAIR AN                                     ORNAMENT.
           universally a d m i t t e d t h a t o n e of t h e m o s t a d m i r e d o r n a m e n t s of the p e r s o n
 ITsis  the hair. So necessary is it considered to the perfection of female beauty, that any loss or
deterioration of this covering of the head impairs good looks to such a degree that artificial locks
a r e obliged to be resorted to to give the proper effect to beautiful features, which, without such
aid, would be deprived of half their charm. Who will not say that the appearance of a man, also,
is greatly improved by a fine head of hair ?

                                 GREEK AND ROMAN.
  The ancients highly esteemed a fine head of hair. And we learn from Juvenal and Horace,
that, among the Romans, n o t h i ~ ~was
                                     g deemed more essential to the beauty of a young person,
than fine long hair covering the head-
                      "Loose to the wind her golden tresses streamed."-PETRARCH.


             MILTON'S HAIR LUBRICANT
Will be found admirably to supply the deficiencies of Nature : its wonderful effects will be
speedily observed to produce a change in hair, however thin and harsh, to a state of silky
luxuriance and beauty, easily dressed in any fashion.
   I t s perfume is essentially novel and most delicious. I n elegant pots, 2s. each.
   Sold by all Perfumers and Medicine Vendors in Town and Country. Wholesale Londou.
Agents :-Messrs.       Barclay and Sons, Farringdon-street ; Edwards, St. Paul's Churchyard ;
Sutton and Co., Bow Churchyard ; Sanger, 151, Oxford-street ; and Hannay and Co., Oxford.
street.
                      hT.B. 117te above Engraving is a fac-simileof the Elegant Pot.
