              THE WORKING MAN'S LIBRARY.

 IMPORTANT TO THE WORKING CLASSES.
             It is the intention of JOHN CASSELL to issue

                      LIBRARY
                            EXPRESSLY F O R

    THE WORKING CLASSES.
It will be completed in Twenty-four F701umes, one of which will be published
MONTHLY, price Sixpence, in neat covers. Each volume will contain
one hundred andforty-jiozcr pages, handsomely printed on good paper. The
whole Library, therefore, will only involve an outlay to the Working Man of
twelve shillings, in monthly payments of sixpence ; or six.teen shillings for
the entire series, bound in cloth, in twelve volumes.
 The object of JOHN CASSELL in issuing this Library, is to furnish the
Working Man with a set of original and instructive works, embracing

HISTORY, BIOGRAPHY, VOYAGES AND TRAVELS,
 SCIENCE AND ART, PHYSIOLOGY, GEOGRAPHY,
                                  &c. &c. ;
and in order to render them truly valuable, the most able writers in each
department will be employed.
  The First Volume of

    THE WORKING MAN'S LIBRARY
will be ready by the first of M a y next, price 6d. ; and the first DoubIe
Volume, price Is., in a neat cover, or bound in cloth, 1s. 4d., on the first
of June next.
   J O H N CASSELL trusts that his friends, and the friends of the Working
Classes, will make this his undertaking extensively known, as nothing short
of a very large circulation will cover the outlay.
  T h e first Two Volumes will be entitled
SAILINGS OVER THE GLOBE; OR, THE PROGRESS OF MARITIME
     DISCOVERY : THE EAST, WEST, NORTH, AND SOUTH.
  T h e first Volume, which will appear in May, will contain:-The Rise
and Progress of Navigation-Early Discoveries of the Portuguese-Voyages
of Vasco de Gama and Mendez Pinto-the Four Voyages of Columbus-
Cortez and the Discovery of Mexico-Pizarro and the Conquest of Peru.
