                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          455
 plates upon the floor; or to the disreputable appearance of the castors,
 which were all at sixes and sevens, and looked drunk ; or to the further
 blockade of Traddles by wandering vegetable dishes and jugs. I could
 not help wondering in my own mind, as I contemplated the boiled leg of
 mutton before me, previous to carving it, how it came to pass that our
 joints of meat were of such extraordinary shapes-and whether our butcher
 contracted for all the deformed sheep that came into the world ; but I kept
 my reflections to myself.
    " My love," said I to Dora, "what have you got in that dish? "

    I could not imagine why Dora had been making tempting little faces at
 me, as if she wanted to kiss me.
    " Oysters, dear," said Dora, timidly.
    " Was that yozcr thought ? " said I, delighted.
    " Ye-yes, Doady," said Dora.
    "There never was a happier one! " I exclaimed, laying down the
carving-knife and fork. " There is nothing Traddles likes so much ! "
    " Ye-yes, Doady," said Dora, " and so I bought a beautiful little barrel
of them, and the man said they were very good. But 1-1 am afraid
there 's something the matter with them. They don't seem right." Here
Dora shook her head, and diamonds twinkled in her eyes.
    " They are only opened in both shells," said I.   "Take the top one off,
my love."
    " But it won't come off," said Dora, trying very hard, and looking very
much distressed.
    " Do you know, Copperfield," said Traddles, cheerfully examining the

dish, " I think it is in consequelice-they are capital oysters, but I thilzk
it is in consequence-of their never having been opened."
   They never had been opened ; and we had no oyster-knives-and couldn't
have used them if we had ; so we looked at the oysters and ate the mutton.
At least we ate as much of it as was done, and made up with capers. If
I had permitted him, I am satisfied that Traddles would have made a
perfect savage of himself, and eaten a plateful of raw meat, to express
enjoyment of the repast; but I would hear of no such immolation on the
altar of friendship, and we had a course of bacon instead; there happening,
by good fortune, to be cold bacon in the larder.
   My poor little wife was in such affliction when she thought I should be
annoyed, and in such a state of joy when she found I was not, that the
discomfiture I had subdued, very soon vanished, and we passed a happy
evening; Dora sitting with her arm on my chair while Traddles and I
discussed a glass of wine, and taking every opportunity of whispering in
my ear that it was so good of me not to be a cruel, cross old boy. By
and bye she made tea for us ; which it was so pretty to see her do, as if
she were busying herself with a set of doll's tea-things, that I was not
particular about the quality ofthe beverage. Then Traddles and I played
a game or two at cribbage ; and Dora singing to the guitar the while, it
seemed to me as if our courtship and marriage were a tender dream of
mine, and the night when I first listened to her voice were not yet
over.
   When Traddles went away, and I came back into the parlor from seeing
him out, my wife planted her chair close to mine, and sat down by my side.
