68             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

my favorite authors in the course of my interpretation of them, I am not
in a condition to say, and should be very unwilling to know ; but I had a
profound faith in them, and I had, to the best of my belief, a simple,
 earnest manner of narrating what I did narrate ; and these qualities went
 a long way.
    The drawback was, that I was often sleepy at night, or out of spirits and
indisposed to resume the story ; and then it was rather hard work, and
it must be done ; for to disappoint or displease Steerforth was of course
out of the question. I n the morning, too, when I felt weary and should
have enjoyed another hour's repose very much, it was a tiresome thing to
be roused, like the Sultana Scheherazade, and forced into a long story
before the getting-up bell rang; but Steerforth was resolute ; and as
he explained to me, in return, my sums and exercises, and anything i n
my tasks that was too hard for me, I was no loser by the transaction.
Let me do myself justice, however. I was moved by no interested or
selfish motive, nor was I moved by fear of him. I admired and loved
him, and his approval was return enough. I t was so precious to me that
I look back on these trifles, now, with an aching heart.
    Steerforth was considerate, too ; and showed his consideration, in one
particular instance, in an unflinching manner that was a little tantalising,
I suspect, to poor Traddles and the rest. Peggotty's promised letter-
what a comfortable letter it was !-arrived before " the half" was many
weeks old ; and with it a cake in a perfect nest of oranges, and two bottles
of cowslip wine. This treasure, as in duty bound, I laid at the feet of
Steerforth, and begged him to dispense.
    "Now, I'll tell you what, young Copperfield," said he: "the wine
shall be kept to wet your whistle when you are story-telling."
    I blushed at the idea, and begged him, in my modesty, not to think of
it. But he said he had observed I was sometimes hoarse-a little roopy
was his exact expression-and it should be, every drop, devoted to the
purpose he had mentioned. Accordingly, it was locked up in his box,
and drawn off by himself in a phial, and administered to me through
a piece of quill in the cork, when I was supposed to be in want of a
restorative. Sometimes, to make it a more sovereign specific, he was so
kind as to squeeze orange juice into it, or to stir it up with ginger, or
dissolve a peppermint drop in i t ; and although I cannot assert that the
flavour was improved by these experiments, or that it was exactly the
compound one would have chosen for a stomachic, the last thing at night
and the first thing in the morning, I drank it gratefully and was very
sensible of his attention.
   We seem, to me, to have been months over Peregrine, and months more
over the other stories. The institution never flagged for want of a story,
I am certain; and the wine lasted out almost as well as the matter.
Poor Traddles-I never think of that boy but with a strange disposition
to laugh, and with tears in my eyes-was a sort of chorus, in general; and
affected to be convulsed with mirth at the comic parts, and to be
overcome with fear when there was any passage of an alarming character
in the narrative. This rather put me out, very often. I t was a great
jest of his, I recollect, to pretend that he couldn't keep his teeth from
chattering, whenever mention was made of an Alguazil in connexion with
