                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          409
    " Mind ! I tell you ! " said Uriah, continuing to warn me.      " If you
don't stop his mouth, you 're not his friend ! Why shouldn't you be in
all the world's power, Mr. Wickfield? Because you have got a daughter.
You and me know what we know, don't we? Let sleeping dogs lie-
who wants to rouse 'em? I don't. Can't you see I am as umble as
I can be ? I tell you, if I've gone too far, I ' m sorry. What would you
have, sir ? "
    "Oh, Trotwood, Trotwood! " exclaimed Mr. Wickfield, wringing his
hands. "What I have come down to be, since I first saw yon in this
house ! I was on my downward way then, but the dreary, dreary, road I have
tra~ersedsince ! Weak indulgence has ruined me. Indulgence in remem-
brance, and indulgence in forgetfulness. My natural grief for my child's
mother turned to disease ; my natural love for my child turned to disease.
I have infected everything I touched. I have brought misery on what
I dearly love, I know-You know! I thought it possible that I could
truly love one creature in the world, and not love the rest; I thought
it possible that I could truly mourn for one creature gone out of the world,
and not have some part in the grief of all who mourned. Thus the lessons
of my life have been perverted ! I have preyed on my own morbid coward
heart, and it has preyed on me. Sordid in my grief, sordid in my love,
sordid in my miserable escape from the darker side of both, oh see the ruin
I am, and hate me, shun me ! "
    He dropped into a chair, and weakly sobbed. The excitement into
which he had been roused was leaving him. Uriah came out of his
corner.
    " I don't know all I have done, in my fatuity,"     said Mr. Wickfield,
putting out his hands, as if to deprecate my condemnation. "He knows
best," meaning Uriah Heep, " for he has always been at my elbow, whisper-
ing me. You see the millstone that he is about my neck. You find him
in my house, you find him in my business. You heard him, but a little
time ago. What need have I to say more ! "
    "You haven't need to say so much, nor half so much, nor anything at
all," observed Uriah, half defiant, and half fawning. " You wouldn't have
took it up so, if it hadn't been for the wine. You 1' 1 think better of it
 to-morrow, sir. If I have said too much, or more than I meant, what of
 it P I haven't stood by it ! "
     The door opened, and Agnes, gliding in, without a vestige of colour in
 her face, put her arm round his neck, and steadily said, " Papa, you are
 not well. Come with me ! " EIe laid his head upon her shoulder, as if
 he were oppressed with heavy shame, and went out with her. Her eyes
 met mine for but an instant, yet I saw how much she knew of what
had passed.
     "I didn't expect he'd cut up so rough, Master Copperfield," said
Uriah. "But it 's nothing. I '11 be friends with him to-morrow. It's
for his good. I'm umbly anxious for his good."
     I gave him no answer, and went upstairs into the quiet room where
Agnes had so often sat beside me at my books. Nobody came near me until
late at night. I took up a book, and tried to read. I heard the clocks
 strike twelve, and was still reading, without knowing what I read, when
Agnes touched me.
