                            ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                13


        ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
                     The Patentees of this Umbrella, in thanking the Nobility and Public in
                   general for the great patronage they have received, beg to state that the
                   demand for it continues to increase as its advantages become demonstrated
                             xperience, upwards of 60,000 having been sold during the last

                      The economy effected in the cost of an article so indispensable in this
                   climate, joined with its extreme durability, must always secure for it an
                   extensive sale. They may be obtained of most Umbrella Dealers in the
                   Kingdom, from 10s. 6d. each.
                      A large assortment of Silk Umbrellas, a t prices varying according to
                   quality, from 7s. each, and Gingham, from 2s. 6d. each.

                         W, & J. SANGSTER,
1 4 0 , Regent-street; 94, Fleet-street; 1 0 , Royal Exchange;
                  Warehouse, 75, Cheapside.

                                        Warren's Sketches of Character.
                                                                 p




                                                    MR. WARREN,
                                             Of 9, G R E A T C O L L E G E S T R E E T ,
                                                         WESTMINSTER
                                       Continues with immense success to delineate the
                                       C H A R A C T E R of Individuals from their H A N D -
                                       WRITING.
                                         Specimens of Writing, with an enclosure of
                                       Thirteen Postage-stamps, a n d a mention of the
                                       applicant's age to be addressed a s above.
       --P




CHILDREN'S FROCKS, COATS, AND PELISSES;
                In all the New Materials and preva~lmgStyles, a
                large portlon of whlch areexpresslyadapted for School
                Wear, at SHEARMAN'S, 5, FINSBURY PAVEMENT,
                LONDON (between the Bank and Plnsbury square).
                    SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on vrew, from
                the useful dress at Is I l d . , 2s. 6d., 3s. 6 8 . ; medlum
                6 s . 6d., 7 s . 68., 10s. 6 d , 12s. 6d ; handsome, 15s. 6d.:
                18s. 6 d 21s 6d., up to the richest goods made in Sllk
                velvets', Three. Four, and Five Gumeas.
                    HOLLAND DRESSESof all kmds. Pmafores, 102d ;
                Frocks, Is. 6d., Is. gd.; dltto, long sleeves, 2 s . gd.,
                Ss 6d ; Blouses, Ss. 6 d . 4s. 6d , 5s Gd.
                    MANTLES, PALETOTS, CLOAKS, JACKETS, and
                SPENCERS, In great variety, adapted for all ages, two
                years and upwards.
           INFANTS' CLOAKS, HOODS, HATS, and BONNETS, LONG
        and SHORT ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
        Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Nlght Caps, Open
        and Round Shlrts, Tr~mmedNursery Baskets, and Bassinets, s i t h a
        general Stoclc of BABY LINEN, together with every article usually
        required for a YOUNG F A M I L Y : thus obviating the trouble and
        ~nconvenience(so long complained of) in going t o various shops when
        J U V E N I L E CLOTHING is required.
            *,* An Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
        free on the receipt of a paid Letter.
