306           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AKD EXPERIENCE

it was said, as this was, in the most unconscious manner in the world-" in
a better school."
    " That I am sure of," she answered, with uncommon fervour. " If I
am sure of anything, of course, you know, I am sure of that."
    Mrs. Steerforth appeared to me to regret having been a little nettled;
for she presently said, in a kind tone :
   "Well, my dear Rosa, we have not heard what it is that you want to
be satisfied about ? "
    " That I want to be satisfied about ? " she replied, with provoking

coldness. " Oh ! I t was only whether people, who are like each other in
their moral constitutioii-is that the phrase ? "
    " It's as good a phrase as another," said Steerforth.

   &lt;' Thank you :-whether people, who are like each other in their moral
constitution, are in greater danger than people not so circumstanced, sup-
posing any serious cause of variance to arise between them, of being
divided angrily and deeply ? "
      I should say yes," said Steerforth.
    " Should you ? " she retorted. " Dear me ! Supposing then, for instanec,

-any       unlikely thing will do for a supposition - that you and your
mother were to have a serious quarrel."
    " My dear Rosa," interposed Mrs. Steerforth, laughing good-naturedly,

" suggest some other supposition ! James and I know our duty to each

other better, I pray Heaven ! "
    " Oh ! " said &!tiss Dartle, nodding her head thoughtfully. " To be sure.

 That would prevent i t ? TThy, of course it would. Ex-actly. Now, I am
 glad I have been so foolish as to put the case, for it is so very good to
 know that your duty to each other would prevent i t ! Thank you very
 much."
    One other little circumstance connected with Miss Dartle I must not
 omit ; for I had reason to remember it thereafter, when all the irremediable
 past was rendered plain. During the whole of this day, but especially
 from this period of it, Steerforth exerted himself with his utmost skill,
 and that was with his utmost ease, to charm this singular creature into a
 pleasant and pleased companion. That hr should succeed, was no matter
 of surprise to me. That she should struggle against the fascinating
 influence of his delightful art-delightful nature I thought it then-did
 not surprise me either; for I knew that she was sometimes ja~xndiced
 and perverse. I saw her features and her manner slowly change; I saw
 her look at him with growing admiration ; I saw her try, more and more
 faintly, but always angrily, as if she condemned a weakness in herself,
 .to resist the captivating powrr that he possessed; and finally I saw her
 sharp glance soften, and her smile become quite gentle, and I ceased to be
 afraid of her as I hail really b ~ e nall day, and we all sat about the fire,
 talking and laughing together, with as little reserve as if we had been
 children.
     Whether it was because we had sat there so long, or beca~tseSteerforth
 was resolved not to lose the advantage he had gained, I do not know;
 but we did not remain in the dining-room more than five minutes after
 her departure. " She is playing her harp," said Steerforth, softly, at the
