242           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I laughed, and replied that I saw no suitable profession in the whole
prospect; which was perhaps to be attributed to its flatness.
   "What says our aunt on the subject?" inquired Steerforth, glancing
at the letter in my hand. "Does she suggest anything? "
   " Why, yes," said I.     "She asks me, here, if I think I should like to be
a proctor ? What do you think of it ? "
   " Well, I don't know," replied Steerforth, coolly.    " You may as well
do that as anything else, I suppose."
   I could not help laughing again, at his balancing all callings and profes-
sions so equally ; and I told him so.
   " What is a proctor, Steerforth ? " said I.
   "Why, he is a sort of monkish attorney," replied Steerforth. " He is,
to some faded courts held in Doctors' Commons-a lazy old nook near St.
Paul's Churchyard-what solicitors are to the courts of law and equity.
He is a functionary whose existence, in the natural course of things, would
have terminated about two hundred years ago. I can tell you best what
he is, by telling you what Doctors' Commons is. It's a little out-of-the-
way place, where they administer what is called ecclesiastical law, and
play all kinds of tricks with obsolete old monsters of acts of Parlia-
ment, which three-fourths of the world know nothing about, and the other
fourth supposes to have been dug up, in a fossil state, in the days of the
Edwards. It's a place that has an ancient monopoly in suits about people's
wills and people's marriages, and disputes among ships and boats."
   " Nonsense, Steerforth ! " I exclaimed.     " You don't mean to say that

there is any affinity between nautical matters and ecclesiastical matters? "
   " I don't, indeed, my dear boy," he returned; "but I mean to say that

they are managed and decided by the same set of people, down in that
same Doctors' Commons. You shall go there one day, and find them
blundering through half the nautical terms in Young's Dictionary, apropos
of the 'Nancy ' havingrun down the ' Sarah Jane,' or Mr. Peggotty and the
Yarmouth boatmen having put off in a gale of wind with an anchor and
cable to the 'Nelson ' Indiaman in distress ;and you shall go there another
day, and find them deep in the evidence, pro and con, respecting a clergy-
man who has misbehaved himself; and you shall find the judge in the
nautical case, the advocate in the clergyman case, or contrariwise. They
are like actors : now a man's a judge, and now he is not a judge ; now he 's
one thing, now he's another ; now he 's something else, change and change
about; but it's always a very pleasant profitable little affair of private
theatricals, presented to an uncommonly select audience."
    "But advocates and proctors are not one and the same?" said I, a
little puzzled. " Are they ? "
    " No,"   returned Steerforth, "the advocates are civilians-men who
 have taken a doctor's degree at college-which is the first reason of my
 knowing anything about it. The proctors employ the advocates. Both
 get very comfortable fees, and altogether they make a mighty snug little
party. On the whole, I would recommend you to take to Doctors'
 Commons kindly, David. They plume themselves on their gentility there,
 I can tell you, if that's any satisfaction."
    I made allowance for Steerforth's light way of treating the subject,
 and, considering it with reference to the staid air of gravity and antiquity
 which I associated with that " lazy old nook near St. Paul's Churchyard,"
