                         O F DAYID COPPERFIELD.                           447
drive along in an open carriage, this fairy marriage is real enough to fill
me with a sort of wondering pity for the unfortunate people who have no
part in it, but are sweeping out the shops, and going to their daily
occupations.
   My aunt sits with my hand in hers all the way. When we stop a little
way short of the church, to p ~ l tdown Peggotty, whom we have brought
on the box, she gives it a squeeze, and me a kiss.
   " God bless you, Trot !     My own boy never could be dearer. I think
of poor dear Baby this morning."
   " So do I.     And of all I owc to you, dear aunt."
   '( Tut, child ! " says my aunt ; and gives her hand in overflowing cor-
diality to Traddles, who then gives his to Mr. Dick, who then gives his
to meJ who then give mine to Traddles, and then we come to the church
door.
   The church is calm enough, I am sure ; but it might be a steam-
power loom in full action, for any sedative effect it has on me. I am too
far gone for that.
   The rest is all a more or less incoherent dream.
   A dream of their coming in with Dora; of the pew-opener arranging
us, like a drill-serjeant, before the altar rails ; of my wondering, even then,
why pew-openers must always be the most disagreeable females procurable,
and whether there is any religious dread of a disastrous infection of good-
humour which renders it indispensable to set those vessels of vinegar
upon the road to Heaven.
   Of the clergyman and clerk appearing; of a few boatmen and some
other people strolling in ; of an ancient mariner behind me, strongly
flavoring the church with rum ; of the service beginning in a deep voice,
and our all being very attentive.
   Of Miss Lavinia, who acts as a semi-auxiliary bridesmaid, being the
first to cry, and of her doing homage (as I take it) to the memory of
Pidger, in sobs ; of Miss Clarissa applying a smelling-bottle ; of Agnes
taking care of Dora; of my aunt endeavouring to represent herself as a
model of sternness, with tears rolling down her face; of little Dora
trembling very much, and making her responses in faint whispers.
    Of our kneeling down together, side by side ; of Dora's trembling less
and less, but always clasping Agnes by the hand ; of the service being got
through, quietly and gravely; of our all looking at each other in an April
state of smiles and tears, when it is over; of my young wife being
hysterical in the vestry, and crying for her poor papa, her dear papa.
    Of her soon cheering up again, and our signing the register all round.
Of my going into the gallery for Peggotty to bring her to sign i t ; of
Peggotty's hugging me in a corner, and telling me she saw my own dear
mother married ; of its being over, and our going away.
    Of my walking so proudly and lovingly down the aisle with my sweet
wife upon my arm, through a mist of half-seen people, pulpits, monu-
ments, pews, fonts, organs, and church windows, in which there flutter
faint airs of association with my childish church at home, so long ago.
    Of their whispering, as we pass, what a youthful couple we are, and
what a pretty little wife she is. Of our dl being so merry and
talkative in the carriage going back. Of Sophy telling us that when she
