                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

the outside, and left the old boat close shut up, a dark speck in the cloudy
night. Next day, when we were returning to London outside the coach,
Mrs. Guinmidge and her basket were on the seat behind, and Airs. Gum-
midge was happy.



                            CHAPTER LII.
                      I ASSIST AT AN EXPLOSION.
WHENthe time Mr. Micawber had appointed so mysteriously, was within
four-and-twenty hours of being come, my aunt and I consulted how we
should proceed ; for my aunt was very unwilling to leave Dora. Ah ! how
easily I carried Dora up and down stairs, now !
   We were disposed, notwithstanding Mr. Micawber's stipulation for my
aunt's attendance, to arrange that she should stay at home, and be repre-
sented by Mr. Diclc and me. I n short, we had resolved to take this course,
when Dora again unsettled us by declaring that she never would forgive
herself, and never would forgive her bad boy, if my aunt remained behind,
on any pretence.
   " I won't speak to you," said Dora, shaking her curls at my aunt.
" I 'l1 be disagreeable ! I 'l1 make Jip bark at you all day.    I shall be
sure that you really are a cross old thing, if you don't go ! "
   " Tut, Blossom! " laughed my aunt.           " You know you can't do
without me ! "
   " Yes, I can," said Dora. "You are no use to me at all. You never
run up and down stairs for me, all day long. You never sit and tell me
stories about Doady, when his shoes were worn out, and lie was covered
with dust-oh, what a poor little mite of a fellow ! You never do any-
thing at all to please me, do you, dear ? " Dora made haste to kiss my
aunt, and say, " Yes, you do ! I 'm only joking ! "-lest my aunt should
think she really meant it.
   '' But, aunt," said Dora, coaxingly, " now listen. You must go. I
shall tease you, 'till you let me have my own way about it. I shall lead
my naughty boy such a life, if he don't make you go. I shall make myself
so disagreeable-and so will Jip ! You 'l1 wish you had gone, like a good
thing, for ever and ever so long, if you don't go. Besides," said Dora,
putting back her hair, and looking wonderingly at my aunt and me,
 " why shouldn't you both go? I am not very ill indeed. Am I ? "
    " Why, what a question ! " cried my aunt.
    " What a fancy ! " said I.

    " Yes ! I know I am a silly little thing ! " said Dora, slowly looking

from one of us to the other, and then putting up her pretty lips to kiss us
 as she lay upon her couch. "Well, then, you must both go, or I shall not
 believe you; and then I shall cry! "
    I saw, in my aunt's face, that she began to give way now, and Dora
 brightened again, as she saw it too.
    " You'll come back with so much to tell me, that it 'l1 take at least a

 week to make me understand ! " said Dora. " Because I lc~zozo I sha'n't
 understand, for a length of time, if there 'S any business in it. And
 there 'S sure to be some business in it ! If there 'S any thing to add up,
