              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

and Mr. Dick threw one of his shoes after Traddles and me, for luck, as
we went down-stairs.
   Excellent fellow as I knew Traddles to be, and warmly attached to him
as I was, I could not help wishing, on that delicate occasion, that he had
never contracted the habit of brushi~lghis hair so very upright. I t gave
him a surprised look-not       to say a hearth-broomy kind of expression
-which, my apprehensions whispered, might be fatal to us.
   I took the liberty of mentioning it to Traddles, as we were walking
to Putney ; and saying that if he would smooth it down a little-
   " My dear Copperfield," said Traddles, lifting off his hat, and rubbing
his hair all kinds of ways, "nothing would give me greater pleasure. But
it won't."
   "Won't be smoothed down? " said I.
   "No," said Traddles. " Nothing will induce it. If I was to carry a
half-hundred-weight upon it, all the way to Putney, it would be up again
the moment the weight was taken off. You have no idea what obstinate
hair mine is, Copperfield. I am quite a fretful porcupine."
   I was a little disappointed, I must confess, but thoroughly charmed by
his good-nature too. I told him how I esteemed his good-nature; and
said that his hair must have taken all the obstinacy out of his character,
for he had none.
   " Oh! " returned Traddles, laughing, "I assure you, it's quite an old
story, my unfortunate hair. My uncle's wife couldn't bear it. She said
it exasperated her. It stood very much in my way, too, when I first fell
in love with Sopliy. Very much ! "
   "Did she object to it ? "
   " She didn't," rejoined Traddles ; " but her eldest sister-the one that 's
the Beauty-quite made game of it, I understand. I n fact, all the sisters
laugh at it."
   "Agreeable ! " said I.
    "Yes," returned Traddles with perfect innocence, "it 's a joke for
us. They pretend that Sophy has a lock of it in her desk, and is obliged
to shut it in a clasped book, to keep it down. We laugh about it."
   " By-the-bye, my dear 'Traddles," said I, "your experience may suggest

something to me. When you became engaged to the young lady whom
you have just mentioned, did you make a regular proposal to her family ?
Was there anything like-what we are going through to-day, for instance ? "
I added, nervously.
   "Why," replied Traddles, on whose attentive face a thoughtful shade
had stolen, " i t was rather a painful transaction, Copperfield, in my case.
You see, Sophy being of so much use in the family, none of them could
endure the thought of her ever being married. Indeed, they had quite
settled among tliernselves that she never was to be married, and they
called her the old maid. Accordingly, when I mentioned it, with the
greatest precaution, to Mrs. Crewler-"
   " The mamma? "said I.

   " The mamma,"      said Traddles-" Reverend Horace Crewler-when I
mentioned it with every possible precaution to Mrs. Crewler, the effect
upon her was such that she gave a scream and became insensible. I
couldn't approach the subject again, for months."
