228           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

like Macbeth. Andnow for dinner ! If I have not (Macbeth-like) broken
up the feast with most admired disorder, Daisy."
   " But where are they all, I wonder ! " said I.

   " God knows," said Steerforth. " After strolling to the ferry looking
for you, I strolled in here and found the place deserted. That set me
thinking, and you found me thinking."
   The advent of Mrs. Gummidge with a basket, explained how the house
had happened to be empty. She had hurried out to buy something that was
needed, against Mr. Peggotty's return with the tide; and had left the
door open in the meanwhile, lest Ham and little Em'ly, with whom it was
an early night, should come home while she was gone. Steerforth, after
very much improving Mrs. Gummidge's spirits by a cheerful salutation,
and a jocose embrace, took my arm, and hurried me away.
   H e had improved his own spirits, no less than Mrs. Gummidge's, for
they were again at their usual flow, and he was full of vivacious conversa-
tion as we went along.
   " And so," he said, gaily, " we abandon this buccaneer life to-morrow,

do we?"
   " So we agreed," I returned.   "And our places by the coach are taken,
you know."
   "Ay ! there 's no help for it, I suppose," said Steerforth. " I have
almost forgotten that there is anything to do in the world but to go out
tossing on the sea here. I wish there was not."
   " As long as the novelty should last," said I, laughing.
   " Like enough," he returned; '&lt; though there 's a sarcastic meaning in
that observation for an amiable piece of innocence like my young friend.
Well ! I dare say I am a capricious fellow, David. I know I am; but
while the iron is hot, I can strike it vigorously too. I could pass a
reasonably good examination already, as a pilot in these waters, I think."
   "Mr. Peggotty says you are a wonder," I returned.
   " A nautical phenomenon, eh? " laughed Steerforth.
   " Indeed he does, and you know how truly; knowing how ardent you

are in any pursuit you follow, and how easily you can master it. And
that amazes me most in vou. Steerforth-that vou should be contented
with such fitful uses of y&r iowers."
   " Contented ? " he answered, merrily. " I am never contented, except
with your freshness, my gentle Daisy. As to fitfulness, I have never
learnt the art of binding myself to any of the wheels on which the Ixions
of these days are turning round andround. I missed it somehow in a bad
apprenticeship, and now don't care about it.-You know I have bought a
boat down here? "
   "What an extraordinary fellow you are, Steerforth!" I exclaimed,
stopping-for this was the first I had heard of it. "When you may
never care to come near the place again ! "
   " I don't know that," he returned. "I have taken a fancy to the place.
At all events," walking me briskly on, " I have bought a boat that was
for sale-a clipper, Mr. Peggotty says ; and so she is-and Mr. Peggotty
will be master of her in my absence."
   " Now I understand you, Steerforth ! " said I, exultingly. " You pre-

tend to have bought it for yourself, but you have really done so to confer
a benefit on him. I might have known as much at first, knowing you.
