 344            THE PERSONAL HlSTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  to Dora, and know my fate. Happiness or misery was now the ques-
  tion. There was no other question that I knew of in the world, and
  only Dora could give the answer to it. I passed three days in a luxury
  of wretchedness, torturing myself by putting every conceivable variety of
  discouraging construction on all that ever had taken place between Dora
  and me. At last, arrayed for the purpose at a vast expense, I went to
  Miss Mills's, fraught with a declaration.
     How many times I went up and down the street, and round the square
 -painfully aware of being a much better answer to the old riddle than the
 original one-before I could persuade myself to go up the steps and
 knock, is no matter now. Even when, at last, I had knocked, and was
 waiting at the door, I had some flurried thought of asking if that were
 Mr. Blackboy's (in imitation of poor Barkis), begging pardon, and retreating.
 But I kept my ground.
     Mr. Mills was not at home. I did not expect he would be. Nobody
 wanted him. Miss Mills was at home. Miss Mills would do.
     I was shown into a room upstairs, where Miss Mills and Dora were.
 Jip was there. Miss Mills was copying music ( I recollect, it was a
 new song, called Affection's Dirge), and Dora was paintingflowers. What
 were my feelings, when I recognised my own flowers ; the identical Covent
 Garden Market purchase ! I cannot say that they were very like, or that
 they particularly resembled any flowers that have ever come under my
 observation ; but I knew from the paper round them, which was accurately
 copied, what the composition was.
     Miss Mills was very glad to see me, and very sorry her Papa was not at
 home : though I thought we all bore that with fortitude. Miss Mills was
 conversational for a few minutes, and then, laying down her pen upon
 Affection's Dirge, got up, and left the room.
     I began to think I would put it off till to-morrow.
     "I hope your poor horse was not tired, when he got home at night,"
 said Dora, lifting up her beautiful eyes. " I t was a long way for him."
     I began to think I would do it to-day.
     " I t was a long way for him," said I, " for he had nothing to uphold him

on the journey."
    " Wasn't he fed, poor thing? " asked Dora.
    I began to think I would put it off till to-morrow.
    " Ye-yes," I said, " he was well taken care of. I mean he had not the
unutterable happiness that I had in being so near you."
    Dora bent her head over her drawing, and said, after a little while-
I had sat, in the interval, in a burning fever, and with my legs in a very
rigid state-
    " You didn't seem to be sensible of that happiness yourself, at one time
of the day."
    I saw now that I was in for it, and it must be done on the spot.
    "You didn't care for that happiness in the least," said Dora, slightly
raising her eyebrows, and shaking her head, "when you were sitting by
Miss Kitt."
    Kitt, I should observe, was the name of the creature in pink, with the
little eyes.
    "Though certainly I don't know why you should," said Dora, " or why
