 590           THE PERSONAL HISTORY         r n ~EXPERIENCE
 on her tenderness ; and in doing it, would never know the love for her that
 had grown up in my heart. I t was right that I should pay the forfeit of
 my headlong passion. What I reaped, I had sown.
      I was thinking, And had I truly disciplined my heart to this, and
 could I resolutely bear it, and calmly hold the place in her home which
 she had calmly held in mine,-when I found my eyes resting on a coun-
 tenance that might have arisen out of the fire, in its association with my
 early remembrances.
     Little Mr. Chillip the Doctor, to whose good offices I was indebted in
 thevery first chapter of this history, sat reading a newspaper in the shadow
 of an opposite corner. H e was tolerably stricken in years by this time ;
 but, being a mild, meek, calm little man, had worn so easily, that I thought
 he looked at that moment just as he might     -   have looked when he sat in
 our parlor, waiting for me to be born.
     Mr. Chillip had left Blunderstone six or seven years ago, and I had
never seen him since. He sat placidly perusing the newspaper, with his
little head on one side, and a glass of warm sherry negas at his elbow.
He was so extremely conciliatory in his manner that he seemed to apologise
to the very newspaper for taking the liberty of reading it.
    I walked up to where he was sitting, and said, " How do you do,
Mr. Chillip ? "
    He was greatly fluttered by this unexpected address from a stranger,
and replied, in his slow way, " I thank you, sir, you are very good. Thank
you, sir. I hope you are well."
    " You don't remember me ? " said I.

     "Well, sir," returned Mr. Chillip, smiling very meekly, and shaking his
head as he surveyed me, " I have a kind of an impression that something
in your countenance is familiar to me, sir; but I couldn't lay my hand
upon your name, really."
    "And yet you knew it, long before I knew it myself," I returned.
    ' I Did I indeed, sir ? " said Mr. Chillip.  " I s it possible that I had the

honor, sir, of officiating when-       ?"
    " Yes," said I.

        Dear me ! " cried Mr. Chillip. " But no doubt you are a good deal
changed since then, sir ? "
   " Probably," said I.
   "Well, sir," observed hlr. Chillip, " I hope you'll excuse me, if I am
compelled to ask the favor of your name? "
    On &mytelling him my name, he was really moved. He quite shook
hands with me-which was a violent proceeding for him, his usual course
being to slide a tepid little fish-slice, an inch or two in advance of his hip,
and evince the greatest discomposure when anybody grappled with it.
Even now, he put his hand in his coat pocket as soon as he could dis-
engage it, and seemed relieved when he had got it safe back.
     " Dear me, sir ! " said Mr. Chillip, surveying me with his head on one

side. "And it 'S Mr. Copperfield, is i t ? Well, sir, I think I should have
known you, if I had taken the liberty of looking more closely at you.
 There 'S a strong resemblance between you and your poor father, sir."
     " I never had the happiness of seeing my father," I observed.

     "Very true, sir," said Mr. Chillip, in a soothing tone. "And very
