                         OF DAVID COPPERFIE1,D.                            423
round terms, and in a plain sensible practical manner, that evidently made
a favorable impression.
    " I speak, if I may presume to say so, as one who has some little

experience of such things," said Traddles, " being myself engaged to a
young lady-one of ten, dowri in Devorishire-and seeing no probability,
at present, of our engagement coming to a termination."
    " You may be able to confirm what I have said, Mr. Traddles,"

observed Miss Lavinia, evidently taking a new interest in him, " of the
affection that is modest and retiring ; that waits and waits ? "
    " Entirely, ma'am,"    said Traddles.
    Miss Clarissa looked at Miss Lavinia, and shook her head gravely.
Miss Lavinia looked consciously at Miss Clarissa, and heaved a little sigh.
    " Sister Lavinia," said Miss Clarissa, " take my smelling-bottle."

    Miss Lavinia revived herself with a few whiffs of aromatic vinegar-
Traddles and I looking on with great solicitude the while ; and then went
on to say, rather faintly:
    " My sister and myself have been in great doubt, Mr. Traddles, what

course we ought to take in reference to the likings, or imaginary likings,
of such very young people as your friend Mr. Copperfield, and our niece."
    " Our brother Francis's child," remarked Miss Clarissa. " If our brother

Francis's wife had found it convenient in her life-time (though she had an
unquestionable right to act as she thought best) to invite the family to
her dinner-table, we might have known our brother Francis's child bctter
at the present moment. Sister Lavinia, proceed."
    Miss Lavinia turned my letter, so as to bring the superscription towards
herself, and referred through her eye-glass to some orderly-looking notes
she had made on that part of it.
    " I t seems to us," said she, " prudent, Mr. Traddles, to bring these feel-

ings to the test of our own observation. At present we know nothing of
them, and are not in a situation to judge how much reality there may be
in them. Therefore wc are inclined so far to accede to Mr. Copperfield's
proposal, as to admit his visits here."
    " I shall never, dear ladies," I exclaimed, relieved of an immense load

of apprehension, " forget your kindness ! "
    "But," pursued Miss Lavinia,-" but, we would prefer to regard those
visits, Mr. Traddles, as made, at present, to us. We must guard ourselves
from reeognising any positive engagement between Mr. Copperfield and
 our niece, until we have had an opportunity-"
    " Until you have had an opportunity, sister Lavinia," said Miss Clarissa.
    " Be it so," assented Miss Lavinia, with a sigh,-"       until I have had an
opportunity of observing them."
    " Copperfield," said Traddles, turning to me, "you feel, I am sure, that
nothing could be more reasonable or considerate."
    " Nothing ! " cried I.    " I am deeply sensible of it."
    " I n this position of affairs," said Miss Lavinia, again referring to her

 notes, "and admitting his visits on this understanding only, we must
 require from Mr. Copperfield a distinct assnrance, on 111s word of honor,
 that no communication of any kind shall take place between him and our
 niece without our knowledge. That no project whatever shall be enter-
 tained with regard to our niece, without being first submitted to us -"
