                            OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   " Hem ! Really, my dear," interposed Mr. Micawber.
   " My love, be silent,"     said Mrs. Micawber, laying her brown glove on his
 hand. "I may have a conviction, Mr. Copperfield, that Mr. hficawber's
 manners peculiarly qualify him for the Banking business. I may argue
 within myself, that if I had a deposit at a banking-house, the manners of
 Mr. Micawber, as representing that banking-house, would inspire confi-
 dence, and must extend the connexion. But if the various banking-houses
 refuse to avail themselves of Mr. Micawber's abilities, or receive the offer
 of them with contumely, what is the use of dwelling upon that idea?
 None. As t,o originating a banking-business, I may know that there are
 members of my family who, if they chose to place their money in
 Mr. Micawber's hands, might found an establishment of that description.
 But i i they do not choose to place their money in Mr. Micawber's hands-
which they don't-what is the use of that? Again I contend that we are
 no farther advanced than we were before."
    I shook my head, and said, "Not a bit." Traddles also shook his
head, and said, "Not a bit."
    "What do I deduce from this? " Mrs. Micawber went on to say, still
with the same air of putting a case lucidly. " What is the conclusion, my
 dear Mr. Copperfield, to which I am irresistibly brought? Am I wrong
in saying, it is clear that we must live? "
    I answered, "Not at all ! " and Traddles answered, "Not at all ! " and
I found myself afterwards sagely adding, alone, that a person must either
live or die.
   "Just so," returned Mrs. Micawber. " I t is precisely that. And the fact
is, my dear Mr. Copperfield, that we can not live without something
widely different from existing circumstances shortly turning up. Now I am
convinced, myself, and this I have pointed out to Mr.Micawber several times
of late, that things cannot be expected to turn up of themselves. We
must, in a measure, assist to turn them up. I may be wrong, but I have
formed that ooinion."
   Both ~ r a d d l e sand I applauded it highly.
   "Very well," said Mrs. Micawber. "Then what do I recommend?
Here is Mr. Micawber, with a variety of qualifications-with great
talent-"
    " Really, my love," said Mr. Micawber.

    "Pray, my dear, allow me to conclude. Here is Mr. Micawber, with a
variety of qualifications, with great talent-I should say, with genius,
but that may be the partiality of a wife-"
   Traddles and I both murmured " No."
   "And here is Mr. Micawber without any suitable position or employ-
ment. Where does that responsibility rest? Clearly on society. Then I
would make a fact so disgraceful known, and boldly challenge society to
set it right. I t appears to me, my dear Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs.
Micawber, forcibly, "that what Mr. Micawber has to do, is to throw down
the gauntlet to society, and say, in eEect, 'Show me who will take that up.
Let the party immediately step forward.' "
   I ventured to ask Mrs. Micawber how this was to be done.
   "By advertising," said Mrs. Micawber-" in all the papers. I t appears
to me, that what Mr. Micawber has to do, in justice to himself, in justice
