                        OF DhVID COPPERFIELD.

hand and pocket-book, several similar imitations of Mr. W.'s signature,
here and there defaced by fire, but legible to any one. I never attested
any such document. And I have the document itself, in my possession.' "
   Uriah Heep, with a start, took out of his pocket a bunch of keys, and
 opened a certain drawer; then, suddenly bethought himself of what he
 was about, and turned again towards us, without looking in it.
   '' 'And I have the document,' " Mr. Micawber read again, looking
about as if it were the text of a sermon, " 'in my possession,'-that is to
say, I had, early this morning, when this was written, but have since
relinquished it to Mr. Traddles."
   " I t is quite true," assented Traddles.
   " Ury, Ury !" cried the mother, "be umble and make terms. I know
my son will be umble, gentlemen, if you 'l1 give him time to think. Mr.
 Copperfield, I ' m sure you know that he was always very umble, sir !"
   I t was singular to see how the mother still held to the old trick, when
the son had abandoned it as useless.
    " Mother," he said, with an impatient bite at the handkerchief in which
his hand was wrapped, "you had better take and fire a loaded gun at me."
    "But I love you, Ury," cried Mrs. Heep. And I have no doubt she
 did ; or that he loved her, however strange it may appear ; though, to be
 sure, they were a congenial couple. "And I can't bear to hear you
 provoking the gentlemen, and endangering of yourself more. I told the
 gentleman at first, when he told me up-stairs it was come to light, that
 I would answer for your being uinble, and making amends. Oh, see how
 umble I am, gentlemen, and don't mind him ! "
    "Why, there 'S Copperfield, mother," he angrily retorted, pointing his
lean finger at me, against whom all his animosity was levelled, as the
prime mover in the discovery ; and I did not undeceive him ; " there 'S
Copperfield, would have given you a hundred pound to say less than you've
blurted out ! "
   "I can't help it, Ury," cried his mother. "I can't see you running
into danger, through carrying your head so high. Better be umble, as
you always was."
   He remained for a little, biting the handkerchief, and then said to me
with a scowl :
   "What more have you got to bring forward? If anything, go on with
it. What do you look at me for? "
   Mr. Micawber promptly resumed his letter, only too glad to revert to a
performance with which he was so highly satisfied.
   " ' Third.   And last. I am now in a condition to show, by-HEEP'S-
false books, and-HEEP's-real        memoranda, beginning with the partially
destroyed pocket-book (which I was unable to comprehend, at the time of
its accidental discovery by Mrs. Micawber, on our taking possession of our
present abode, in the locker or binn devoted to the reception of the ashes
calcined on our domestic hearth), that the weaknesses, the faults, the very
virtues, the parental affections, and the sense of honor, of the unhappy Mr.
W. have been for years acted on by, and warped to the base purposes of-
HEEP. That Mr. W. has been for years deluded and plundered, in every
conceivable manner, to the pecuniary aggrandisement of the avaricious,
false, and grasping-HEEP. That the engrossing object of-HEEP-was,
next to gain, to subdue Mr. and Miss W. (of his ulterior views in reference
