                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         163
  Potatoes, that I felt as strange as ever I have done in all my life. I was
  so conscious of having passed through scenes of which they could have
  no knowledge, and of having acquired experiences foreign to my age,
  appearance, and condition, as one of them, that I half believed it was an
  imposture to come there as an ordinary little schoolboy. I had become,
  in the Murdstone and Grinby time, however short or long it may have been,
  so unused to the sports and games of boys, that I knew I was awkward
  and inexperienced in the commonest things belonging to them. Whatever
  I had learnt, had so slipped away from me in the sordid cares of my life
  from day to night, that now, when I was examined about what I knew, I
  knew nothing, and was put into the lowest form of the school. But,
 troubled as I was, by my want of boyish skill, and of book-learning too, I
 was made infinitely more uncomfortable by the consideration, that, in what
  I did know, I was much farther removed from my companions than in
  what I did not. My mind ran upon what they would think, if they knew
  of my familiar acquaintance with the King's Bench Prison? Was there
  anything about me which would reveal my proceedings in connexion with
 the Micawber family-all those pawnings, and sellings, and suppers-in
  spite of myself? Suppose some of the boys had seen me coming through
  Canterbury, wayworn and ragged, and should find me out ? What would
 they say, who made so light of money, if they could know how I had
 scraped my halfpence together, for the purchase of my daily saveloy and
 beer, or my slices of pudding? How would it affect them, who were so
 innocent of London life, and London streets, to discover how knowing I
 was (and was ashamed to be) in some of the meanest phases of both?
 All this ran in my head so much, on that first day at Doctor Strong's,
 that I felt distrustful of my slightest look and gesture; shrunk within
 myself whensoever I was approached by one of my new schoolfellows ; and
 hurried off the minute school was over, afraid of committing myself in
 my response to any friendly notice or advance.
    But there was such an influence in Mr. Wickfield's old house, that
when I knocked at it, with my new school-books under my arm, I began
to feel my uneasiness softening away. As I went up to my airy old room,
the grave shadow of the staircase seemed to fall upon my doubts and
fears, and to make the past more indistinct. I sat there, sturdily conning
my books, until dinner time (we were out of school for good at three) ; and
 went down, hopeful of becoming a passable sort of boy yet.
    Agnes was in the drawing-room, waiting for her father, who was
detained by some one in his office. She met me with her pleasant smile,
and asked me how I liked the school. I told her I should like it very
much, I hoped: but I was a little strange to it at first.
    " You have never been to school," I said, " have you ? "

    " Oh, yes ! Every day."
    " Ah, but you mean here, at your own home ? "
    "Papa couldn't spare me to go anywhere else," she answered, smiling
and shaking her head. " His housekeeper must be in his house, you know."
    " He is very fond of you, I am sure," I said.

    She nodded "Yes," and went to the door to listen for his coming up,
that she might meet him on the stairs. But, as he was not there, she
came back again.
                                      Y 2
