                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           159
not be oppressed by the receipt of favors, Miss Trotwood. You may
Pa7 for him if you like. We won't be hard about terms, but you shall
pajr if you will?'
       On that understanding," said my aunt, "though it doesn't lessen the
real obligation, I shall be very glad tb leave him."-
    '' Then come and see my little housekeeper," said Mr. Wickfield.
   We accordingly went up a wonderful old staircase ; with a balustrade
so broad that we might have gone up that, almost as easily; and into a
shady old drawing-room, lighted by some three or four of the quaint
windows I had looked up at from the street: which had old oak seats in
them, that seemed to have come of the same trees as the shining oak
floor, and the great beams in the ceiling. I t was a prettily furnished
room, with a piano and some lively furniture in red and green, and some
flowers. I t seemed to be all old nooks and corners ; and in every nook
and corner there was some queer little table, or cupboard, or bookcase, or
seat, or something or other, that made me think there was not such
another good corner in the room ; until I looked at the next one, and found
it equal to it, if not better. On everything there was the same air of
retirement and cleanliness that marked the house outside.
   Mr. Wickfield tapped at a door in a corner of the panneled wall, and
a girl of about my own age came quickly out and kissed him. On her
face, I saw immediately the placid and sweet expression of the lady whose
picture had looked at me down-stairs. I t seemed to my imagination as
if the portrait had grown womanly, and the original remained a child.
Although her face was quite bright and happy, there was a tranquillity
about it, and about her-a quiet, good, calm spirit-that I never have
forgotten; that I never shall forget.
   This was his little housekeeper, his daughter Agnes, Mr. Wickfield
said. When I heard how he said it, and saw how he held her hand, I
guessed what the one motive of his life was.
   She had a little basket-trifle hanging at her side, with keys in i t ; and
looked as staid and as discreet a housekeeper as the old house could have.
She listened to her father as he told her about me, with a pleasant face ;
and when he had concluded, proposed to my aunt that we should go up-
stairs and see my room. We all went together; she before us : and a
glorious old room it was, with more oak beams, and diamond panes ; and
the broad balustrade going all the way up to it.
   I cannot call to mind where or when, in my childhood, I had seen a
stained glass window in a church. Nor do I recollect its subject. But I
know that when I saw her turn round, in the grave light of the old
staircase, and wait for us, above, I thought of that window; and that I
associated something of its tranquil brightness with Agnes Wickfield
ever afterwards.
   My aunt was as happy as I was, in the arrangement made for me; and
we went down to the drawing-room again, well pleased and gratified.
As she would not hear of staying to dinner, lest she should by any chance
fail to arrive at home with the grey pony before dark ; and as I apprehend
Mr. Wickfield knew her too well, to argue any point with her ; some lunch
was provided for her there, and Agnes went back to her governess, and
Mr. Wickfield to his office. So we were left to take leave of one another
without any restraint.
