16                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                                                                  --

                       WORKS               B Y W. M. T H A C K E R A Y .

Now publishing in Monthly Numbers, price One Shilling each,
       With Illustrations on. Steel and Wood by the Author, to be completed in, Twenty Numbers,


                             PENDENNIS:
        H I S FORTUNES AND MISFORTUNES, H I S FRIENDS, AND HIS
                          GREATEST ENEMY.
   '&lt;The present work begins well. There is, so far as the     frankness and manliness about him-he is the sworn
impression can be conveyed by manner, a suggestion here        enemy of all humbug and pretension and the good-bu-
of preconceived design ; and we recognise the hand that        moured but effective satire and ridi&le with which he
accomplished itself in ' Vanity Fair' layingin the grounds     assails them, his extraordinary aptitudein the delineation
on which that d e s i ~ nis to bewrouaht out."-Athenaum.       of character. and his ~ ~ D facilitv
                                                                                             W V    in seizinc its ~ a . l i ~ n t
   " We recognise in ' Pendennis ' the able and vigorous
                                                               points, the quiet unpre'meditateiness wit; which--his
intellect which evinced so mtimate a lrnowledge of life        thoughts fiow from his pen, and the tone of wholesome
and such inimitable powers of portraiture in 'Vanity           morality which pervades his writings, all combine to
Fair.' Mr. Thackeray's sympathies are all healthy and          render him deservedly popular."         Morning Heradd.
mvigorating-there is a n indomitable spirit of English




I n One Volume 8v0,illustrated with Forty Steel Eng~avings,and Numerous Woodmts, by the AutJbor,
                       price 21s. in, cloth, or 24s. 6d. hay-bawd in, vnorocco,


                        VANITY                                           FAIR.
   " W e were little prepared for the keen observation     "Mr. Thackeray's pathos has a n effect that is really
the deep wisdom, and the consummate art which ~ r : refreshing. I t reminds one of the exquisite touches which
Thackeray has interwoven in the slight iexture and       occur in Fielding's 'Amelia."'                      l'imes.
whimsical pattern of 'Vanity Fair.' I t is one of thz       '' Knowledge of life, good-humoured satire, penetra.
most amusing books we have read for many a long year.    tion into motive power of characterisation, and great
                                      Quarterly Review.  truthfulness, are qualities in fiction as rare as they are
   "'Vanity Fair'must be admitted to be one of the       admirable; and no work that has been published for
most original works of real genius that has of late been many years past can claim these qualities so largely
given tot?: world. I t will take a lasting place in our  as ' Vanity Fair.' "                           Atheneum,
literature.                                  Examiner.



            In, One volutne, small 8v0, price 7s., with Ten Illustrations on Steel by the Author,

                        THE HISTORY OF SAMUEL TITI\IIARSH
                                                             AND


          THE GREAT HOGGARTY DIAMOND.
  " I t may not be so caustic as 'Vanity Fair,' or so                 " The quaint and humorous character of Mr. Thack-
funny as ' Pendennis,'hut it is nevertheless one of the            erav's
                                                                       , . writinen
                                                                              ..      is well known to the read in^ ~ u b l i c and
                                                                                                                                .
most perfect of Mr. Thackeray's prose productions."-               ;Tile Great f&qarf?. ~ i n l l i i n d tlisl~lals
                                                                                                          '        i;;tLe strongest
                                               Obse?.wr.           light t l ~ dagreelblc ~~fcu:isritiesof 111s style. 'P1.e lei~~li~ll:
  " I t is a tale which will be read with very consider-           nlornl of tile tale, VIA.. ' th:~tspeculations are t1nr3rdona,
able interest, and which, if mitten by an ordinary man,            and that honesty is the best policy,'is enforced in the
would go not a little way to establish his reputation.             truest but most ludicrous colours. The volume is em-
There ismnch of that quiet piquancy and homely wit                 bellished withmany appropriate designs from the pencil
displayed throughout its pages for which Mr. Thackeray             of the author.                                Morning Herald.
hasmade himself so remarkable."          Sunday Times.



    THE BOOK OF S N 0BS. A selection of amusing Papers for the first
 time collected into a Volume, containing upwards of Sixty Illustrations by the
 Author. In sinall 8v0, price 2s. 6d.
                                        Bradbury & Evans, 11, Bouverie Street.
