34            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

turning from one of us to the other, in her pettish wilful manner, "what
a troublesome world this is, when one has the most right to expect it to
be as agreeable as possible ! "
   I felt the touch of a hand that I knew was neither her's nor Peggotty's,
and slipped to my feet at the bed-side. I t was Mr. Murdstone's hand,
and he kept it on my arm as he said:
   "What's this ? Clara, my love, have you forgotten? -Firmness,
my dear !"
   "I am very sorry, Edward," said my mother. " I meant to be very
good, but I am so uncomfortable."
   " Indeed ! " he answered.     "That's a bad hearing, so soon, Clara."
   " I say it 's very hard I should be made so now," returned my mother,
pouting; " and it is-very hard-isn't i t ? "
   He drew her to him, whispered in her ear, and kissed her. I knew as
well, when I saw my mother's head lean down upon his shoulder, and her
arm touch his neck-I knew as well that he could mould her pliant nature
into any form he chose, as I know, now, that he did it.
   " Go you below, my love," said Mr. Murdstone. "David and I will
come down, together. My friend," turning a darkening face on Peggotty,
when he had watched my mother out, and dismissed her with a nod and a
smile : " do you know your mistress's name ? "
   " She has been my mistress a long time, sir," answered Peggotty.        "I
ought to it."
   "That's true," he answered. "But I thought I heard you, as I came
up-stairs, address her by a name that is not hers. She has taken mine, you
know. Will you remember that ? "
   Peggotty, with some uneasy glances at me, curtseyed herself out of the
room without replying ; seeing, I suppose, that she was expected to go,
and had no excuse for remaining. When we two were left alone, he shut the
door, and sitting on a chair, and holding me standing before him, looked
steadily into my eyes. I felt my own attracted, no less steadily, to his.
As I recall our being opposed thus, face to face, I seem again to hear my
heart beat fast and high.
   "David," he said, making his lips thin, by pressing them together,
"if I have an obstinate horse or dog to deal with, what do you think
I do?"
   " I don't know."

   " I beat him."
   I had answered in a kind of breathless whisper, but I felt, in my silence,
that my breath was shorter now.
   " I make him wince, and smart.      I say to myself, ' I '11 conquer that
fellow; ' and if it were to cost him all the blood he had, I should do it.
What is that upon your face ? "
   "Dirt," I said.
   H e knew it was the mark of tears as well as I. But if he had asked
the question twenty times, each time with twenty blows, I believe my baby
heart would have burst before I would have told him so.
    " You have a good deal of intelligence for a little fellow," he said, with
 a grave smile that belonged to him, and you understood me very well, I
 see. Wash that face, sir, and come down with me "
