                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                           CHAPTER XX.


   WHENthe chambermaid tapped at my door at eight o'clock, and informed
me that my shaving-water was outside, I felt severely the having no occa-
sion for it, and blushed in my bed. The suspicion that she laughed too,
when she said it, preyed upon my mind all the time I was dressing; and
gave me, I was conscious, a sneaking and guilty air when I passed her on
the staircase, as I was going down to breakfast. I was so sensitively
aware, indeed, of being younger than I could have wished, that for some
time I could not make up my mind to pass her at all, under the ignoble
circumstances of the case; but, hearing her there with a broom, stood
peeping out of window at King Charles on horseback, surrounded by
a maze of hackney-coaches and looking anything but regal in a drizzling
rain and a dark-brown fog, until I was admonished by the waiter that the
gentleman was waiting for me.
   I t was not in the coffee-room that I found Steerforth expecting me, but
in a snug private apartment, red-curtained and Turkey-carpeted, where
the fire burnt bright, and a fine hot breakfast was set forth on a table
covered with a clean cloth ; and a cheerful miniature of the room, the fire,
the breakfast, Steerforth, and all, was shining in the little round mirror
over the sideboard. I was rather bashful at first, Steerforth being so self-
possessed, and elegant, and superior to me in all respects (age included) ;
but his easy patronage soon put that to rights, and made me quite a t
home. I could not enough admire the change he had wrought in the
Golden Cross ; or compare the dull forlorn state I had held yesterday, with
this morning's comfort and this morning's entertainment. As to the
waiter's familiarity, it was quenched as if it had never been. He attended
on us, as I may say, in sackcloth and ashes.
   " Now, Copperfield," said Steerforth, when we were alone, " I should
like to hear what you are doing, and where you are going, and all about
you. I feel as if you were my property."
   Glowing with pleasure to find that he had still this interest in me, I
told him how my aunt had proposed the little expedition that I had before
me, and whither it tended.
   c c As you are in no hurry, then," said Steerforth, " come home with me
to Highgate, and stay a day or two. You will be pleased with my
mother-she is a little vain and prosy about me, but that you can forgive
her-and she will be pleased with you."
   " I should like to be as sure of that, as you are kind enough to say you
are," I answered, smiling.
   " Oh ! " said Steerforth, "every one who likes me, has a claim on her
that is sure to be acknowledged."
   "Then I think I shall be a favorite," said I.
   " Good ! " said Steerforth. " Come and prove it. We will go and see
