170            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

fact, there was a story current among us ( I have no idea, and never had,
 on what authority, but I have believed it for so many years that I feel
 quite certain it is true), that on a frosty day, one winter time, he actually
 did bestow his gaiters on a beggar-woman, who occasioned some scandal
in the neighbourhood by exhibiting a fine infant from door to door,
wrapped in those garments, which were universally recognised, being as
well known in the vicinity as the Cathedral. The legend added that the
only person who did not identify them was the Doctor himself, who, when
they were shortly afterwards displayed at the door of a little second-hand
shop of no very good repute, where such things were taken in exchange for
 gin, was more than once observed to handle them approvingly, as if admiring
some curious novelty in the pattern, and considering them an improvement
on his own.
    It was very pleasant to see the Doctor with his pretty young wife.
H e had a fatherly, benignant way of showing his fondness for her, which
 seemed in itself to express a good man. I often saw them walking in the
 garden where the peaches were, and I sometimes had a nearer observation
of them in the study or the parlor. She appeared to me to take great care
of the Doctor, and to like him very much, though I never thought her
vitally interested in the Dictionary : some cumbrous fragments of which
work the Doctor always carried in his pockets, and in the lining of his hat,
and generally seemed to be expounding to her as they walked about.
   I saw a good deal of Mrs. Strong, both because she had taken a liking
for me on the morning of my introduction to the Doctor, and was always
afterwards kind to me, and interested in me ; and because she was very
fond of Agnes, and was often backwards and forwards at our house.
There was a curious constraint between her and Mr. Wickfield, I thought
(of whom she seemed to be afraid), that never wore off. When she came
there of an evening, she always shrunk from accepting his escort home,
and ran away with me instead. And sometimes, as we were running gaily
across the Cathedral yard together, expecting to meet nobody, we would
meet Mr. Jack Maldon, who was always surprised to see us.
   Mrs. Strong's mama was alady I took great delight in. Her name was
Mrs. Markleham ;but our boys used to call her the Old Soldier, on account
of her generalship, and the skill with which she marshalled great forces of
relations against the Doctor. She was a little, sharp-eyed woman, who
used to wear, when she was dressed, one unchangeable cap, ornamented
with some artificial flowers, and two artificial butterflies supposed to be
hovering above the flowers. There was a superstition among us that this
cap had come from France, and could only originate in the workmanship
of that ingenious nation: but all I certainly know about it, is, that it
always made its appearance of an evening, wheresoever Mrs. Markle-
ham made her appearance ; that it was carried about to friendly meetings
in a Hindoo basket; that the butterflies had the gift of trembling
constantly; and that they improved the shining hours at Doctor Strong's
expense, like busy bees.
   I observed the Old Soldier-not to adopt the name disrespectfully-to
pretty good advantage, on a night which is made memorable to me by some-
thing else I shall relate. I t was the night of a little party at the Doctor's,
which was given on the occasion of Mr. Jack Maldon's departure for India,
whither he was going as a cadet, or something of that kind : Mr. Wickfield
