308            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

name your Godfathers and Godmothers gave you, it's the name I like
best to call you by-and        I wish, I wish, I wish, you could give it
to me !"
   '' Why so I can, if I choose," said I.
   " Daisy, if anything should ever separate us, you must think of me at
my best, old boy. Come ! Let us make that bargain. Think of me at my
best, if circumstances should ever part us ! "
   " You have no best to me, Steerforth," said I, " and no worst.     You
are always equally loved, and cherished in my heart."
   So much compunction for having ever wronged him, even by a shapeless
thought, did I feel within me, that the confession of having done so was
rising to my lips. But for the reluctance I had, to betray the confidence
of Agnes, but for my uncertainty how to approach the subject with no
risk of doing so, it would have reached them before he said, " God bless
you, Daisy, and good night ! " I n my doubt, it did not reach them ; and
we shook hands, and we parted.
   I was up with the dull dawn, and, having dressed as quietly as I could,
looked into his room. H e was fast asleep ; lying, easily, with his head
upon his arm, as I had often seen him lie at school.
   The time came in its season, and that was very soon, when I almost
wondered that nothing troubled his repose, as I looked at him. But he
slept-let me think of him so again-as I had often seen him sleep at
school ; and thus, in this silent hour, I left him.
   -Never more, oh God forgive you, Steerforth ! to touch that passive
hand in love and friendship. Never, never, more!




                            CHAPTER XXX.
                                   A   Loss.
   I GOT down to Yarmouth in the evening, and went to the inn. I knew
that Peggotty's spare room-my room-was likely to have occupation
enough in a little while, if that great Visitor, before whose presence all the
living must give place, were not already in the house; so I betook myself
to the inn, and dined there, and engaged my bed.
   I t was ten o'clock when I went out. Many of the shops were shut,
and the town was dull. When I came to Omer and Joram's, I found the
shutters up, but the shop door standing open. As I could obtain a per-
spective view of Mr. Omer inside, smoking his pipe by the parlor-door,
I entered, and asked him how he was.
   " Why, bless my life and soul! " said Mr. Omer, "how do you find
yourself? Take a seat.-Smoke not disagreeable, I hope ? "
   " By no means," said I.      " I like it-in somebody else's pipe."
   " What, not in your own, eh? " Mr. Omer returned, laughing. "All
the better, sir. Bad habit for a young man. Take a seat. I smoke.
myself, for the asthma."
