612            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIEXCE

 Without my knowing why, these tears allied themselves with the quietly
  sad smile which was so fixed in my remembrance, and shook me more with
 hope than fear or sorrow.
       Agnes ! Sister ! Dearest ! What have I done ! "
       Let me go away, Trotwood. I am not well. I am not myself. I
 will speak to you by and by-another time. I will write to you. Don't
  speak to me now. Don't ! don't ! "
     I sought to recollect what she had said, when I had spoken to her on that
 former night, of her affection needing no return. I t seemed a very world
 that I must search through in a moment.
       Agnes, I cannot bear to see you so, and think that I have been the
 cause. My dearest girl, dearer to me than anything in life, if you are
 unhappy, let me share your unhappiness. If you are in need of help or
 counsel, let me try to give it to you. If you have indeed a burden on
 your heart, let me Iry to lighten it. For whom do I live now, Bgnes, if
 it is not for you ! "
     " Oh, spare me ! I am not myself! Another time ! " was all I could
 distinguisi.
     Was it a selfish error that was leading me away? Or, having once a
 clue to hope, was there something opening to me that I had not dared to
 think
 .-----~.
       --of?.
     " I must say more.    I cannot let you leave me so ! For Heaven's sake,
 Agnes, let us not mistake each other after all these years, and all that has
 come and gone with them ! I must speak plainly. If you have any lingering
 thought that I could envy the happiness you will confer ; that I could not
 resign you to a dearer protector, of your own choosing; that I could not,
 from my removed place, be a contented witness of your joy; dismiss it,
 for I don't deserve i t ! I have not suEeered quite in vain. You have not
 taught me quite in vain. There is no alloy of self in what I feel for you."
     She was quiet now. In a little time, she turned her pale face towards
 me, and said in a low voice, broken here and there, but very clear,
     " I owe it to your pure friendship for me, Trotwood-which, indeed,
 I do not doubt-to tell you, you are mistaken. I can do no more. I f
 I have sometimes, in the course of years, wanted help and counsel, they
have come to me. If I have sometimes been unhappy, the feeling has
passed away. If I have ever had a burden on my heart, it has been
lightened for me. If I have any secret, it is-no new one ; and is-not
what you suppose. I cannot reveal it, or divide it. It has long been
mine, and must remain mine."
    " Agnes ! Stay ! A moment ! "

    She was going away, but I detained her. I clasped my arm about her
waist. " I n the course of years ! " " I t is not a new one ! " Nerv
thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colors of
my life were changing.
    " Dearest Agnes ! Whom I so respect and honor-whom         I so devotedly
love! When I came here to-day, I thought that nothing could have
wrested this confession from me. I thought I could have kept it in my
bosom all our lives, till we were old. But, Agnes, if I have indeed any
new-born hope that I may ever call you something more than Sister,
widely different from Sister ! -"
