                    ?&&!$$
                    L




     Sllastratrh Weekly bumal for Sabierr.
                                           __t__

       Published Weekly, Price Threepence, Stamped Fourpence,
                                   A N D I N MONTHLY PARTS:

                                                     THE

LADIES' COMPANION
   HE success of "THE LADIES' COMPANION,"which has justified the belief
Tdouble
   that a field for such a periodical existed, has also encouraged its projectors to
        diligence, on commencing a new volume, with a view of rendering their
miscellany increasingly valuable by its vigour and variety, no less than attractive
by its refinement.
   New arrangements have been entered into, for the purpose of presenting in an
improved form the many important movements now making in the cause of
E'enzate Education a n d Association.
   I t is the Editor's desire, too, to increase the importance of the literary criticism
of the paper ; selecting, week by week, such books only as befit a L a d y ' s Library.
 -The popular scientific essays which have been so favourably received will be
continued. Care, too, will be taken to vary the chronicle, of the pleasant open-air
pursuits of the country, as well as to record the amusements of the town.--
Characters and biographies of Distin.guished W o n z e f will
                                                           ~ be presented from time
to time.-The co-operation of some of our female writers most distinguished in
imaginative literature has been secured, i n addition to many of those who have
already contributed.-In        A r t , besides furnishing gniclance and information,
especially referrin to the female artist, it is intended more largely than heretofore
to consider the intellectual pleasure of the amateur.-It would be easy to follow
these promises by a list of names: but i t is thought better that the numbers of this
periodical to come shall speak for themselves; the public having learned that
those who are the most earnest in their purposes and the surest in their resources,
will the most carefully avoid every device that savours of puffery.
   While, however, Philosoph              Literature, Science, Imagination, Art, and
Manners, will be in turn treate3; i' t is hoped, with increased spirit,-a "LADIES'
COMPANION,"to merit such companionship, must also hold up "the Glass of
Fashion," and keep open a Board of all manner of dainty and ingenious works.
Here, too, new arrangements of the first importance have been made, and here a
 name carries its own authority and recommendation. The proprietors, there-
fore, announce with pleasure, that the valuable assistance of Madame UBvy,
73, Grosvenor-street, will, in future, be given exclusively to "THE LADIES'
 COMPAAIOX     ;" and that all the information concerning Dress or Fashions which
will henceforth appear in its columns, has either been directly communicated by
that lady, or appears under her sanction. They may also state that the Illustra-
tions of the periodical will appear, for the future, under the superintendence of
H. Noel Humphreys, Esq.
       parts I. to V1. are now ready: and the First Volume will be published
        shortly, being delayed by the preparation of a very elegant cover.

     ,*' The stamped edition of this Journal will be formrded regularly at the charge of
fourpence per week, upon the receipt of a Post-Ofice Order to the o$ice, or of postage stamps for
 such period as theparly may wish to subscribe for.
                                   -
                                   -
                                   -,                 ~




            OFFICE: 11, BOUYERIE STREET, F L E E T STREET; A N D
                   ALL BOOKSELLERS A N D NEWSMEN.


                    ~ ~ * g ; g g & @ ~ ~ ~ ~
                    --e.       @ill!&

                           B R A D B U R Y A N D EVAXS, PRINTERS, W H I T E P R I A R S .
