                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            27
    It was quiet enough to reassure me, but I have no doubt if I had seen
 a moderately large wave come tumbling in, I should have taken to my
 heels, with an awful recollection of her drowned relations. However, I
 said " No," and I added, "You don't seem to be, either, though you say
you are;"-for     she was walking much too near the brink of a sort of
 old jetty or wooden causeway we had strolled upon, and I was afraid of
her falling over.
    "I'm not afraid in this way," said little Em'ly. "But I wake
when it blows, and tremble to think of uncle Dan and Ham, and
believe I hear'em crying out for help. That's why I should like so
much to be a lady. But I ' m not afraid in this way. Not a bit. Look
here ! "
    She started from my side, and ran along a jagged timber which pro-
truded from the place we stood upon, and overhung the deep water at
some height, without the least defence. The incident is so impressed on
my remembrance, that if I were a draughtsman I could draw its form
here, I daresay, accurately as it was that day, and little Em'ly springing
forward to her destruction (as it appeared to me), with a look that I have
never forgotten, directed far out to sea.
   The light, bold, fluttering little figure turned and came back safe to me,
and I soon laughed at my fears, and at the cry I had uttered ; fruitlessly
in any case, for there was no one near. But there have been times since,
in my manhood, many times there have been, when I have thought, I s it
possible, among the possibilities of hidden things, that in the sudden
rashness of the child and her wild look so far off, there was any merciful
attraction of her into danger, any tempting her towards him permitted
on the part of her dead father, that her life might have a chance of
ending that day. There has been a time since when I have wondered
whether, if the life before her could have been revealed to me at a glance,
and so revealed as that a child could fully comprehend it, and if her pre-
servation could have depended on a motion of my hand, I ought to have
held it up to save her. There has been a time since-I            do not say
it lasted long, but it has been-when I have asked myself the question,
would it have been better for little Em'ly to have had the waters close
above her head that morning in my sight; and when I have answered
Yes, it would have been.
   This may be premature. I have set it down too soon, perhaps. But
let it stand.
   We strolled a long way, and loaded ourselves with things that we
thought curious, and put some stranded star-fish carefully back into
the water-I hardly know enough of the race at this moment to be
quite certain whether they had reason to feel obliged to us for doing
so, or the reverse-and then made our way home to Mr. Peggotty's
dwelling. We stopped under the lee of the lobster-outhouse to
exchange
   . .     an innocent kiss, and went in to breakfast glowing with health
and pleasure.
     Like two young mavishes," Mr. Peggotty said. I knew this meant,
in our local dialect, like two young thrushes, and received it as a com-
pliment.
