 6                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.


                                PARASOLS.



                      W. A N D J. S A N G S T E R ,
                               Respectfully inform t h e Nobility a n d public
                               t h a t the Parasols they will have t h e honour
                               of submitting to t h e m this season a r e larger
                               than usual, b u t owing t o t h e peculiarity of
                               their make a r e much lighter, a quality so m u c h
                               to be desired in a Parasol. They a r e chiefly
                               plain, without fringe, a n d made of Glac6, a n d
                               striped silks of perfectly new mixtures of
                               colonrs of t h e most striking a n d elegant de-
                               scription.
                                   W. a n d J. SANGSTER have also a large assort-
                               ment of the Swiss o r Alpaca Parasols which
                               gave such universal satisfaction last year,
                               30,000 having been sold i n the course of t h e
                               season.

       PATENTEES OF THE ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
     140, Regent-street ; 94, Fleet-street; 10, Royal Exchange ;
                           75, Cheapside.
      THOMAS PARR,
                                              TI-IE ONLY RATIONAL REMEDY
                                                                      IS



                                   PARR'S LIFE PILLS.
                                IT is a clear indisputable fact that for cleansing, and enriching the human
                                blood, restoring vigour and tone to the system, curing nervousness, indiges.
                                tion, gout, rheumatism, and all bilious disorders, there is no remedy so
                                certain, and safe, as that favourite and universal Medicine,
This Engraving is from a Por-
trait by Rubens, when a t the age
of 152 years. See his Life, to                              PARR'S LIFE PILLS.
be had Gratis of all Agents.
                THE ADVANTAGES DERIVED FROM TAKING PARR'S LIFE PILLS, A R E
   1s~-LONG LIFE, AND HAPPINESS !
   BND.--SOUND A N D R E F R E S H I N G S L E E P !
   ~RD.--GOOD A P P E T I T E !
   ~TH.-ENERGY O F MIND AND CLEARNESS O F PERCEPTION !
   STH.-GENERAL             GOOD H E A L T H A N D COMFORT.
   GTH.--THEY A R E F O U N D , A F T E R G I V I N G T H E M A F A I R T R I A L F O R A IPEW
               W E E K S . T O P O S S E S S T H E M O S T A S T O N I S H I N G A N D I NV I G O R A TI N G
               PROPERTIES.
                               T O PERSONS ABOUT T O EMIGRATE.
   A most important appendage to an Emigrant's store is a good supply of PARR'S LIFE PILLS. On ship
board these Pllls w ~ l lbe found invaluable In keeping the stomach and bowels In a regular and healthful
state, purlfylng the blood, and preventing cutaneous diseases, such as scurvy, &c., ~ncldentalto long voyages.
By attendlngto the dtrectlons given w ~ t heach box, they may be safely taken by infants, adults, or persons
In advanced age. When settled Ind~stantcl~mes,the emlgrant will find In these Pllls all he can require in the
form of medlclne. They wlll keep good In all climates; and any person proceeding to the Colonles will find ~t
profitable to take out a supply.
  None are genuine unless the words 'PARR'S LIFE PILLS' are in WHITE LETTERS                on a REDGROUND,on
the Government stamp, pasted round each box; also a fac simlle of the signature of the Proprietors
" T. ROBERTS & Co., Crane-court,Fleet-street,London," on the directions.
                            Sold in Boxes a t Is, lad., as. gd., and family packets at 11s.
