                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

purpose I had formed, of leaving a letter for Emily when I should take
 leave of her uncle on board the ship, and thought it would be better to
write to her now. She might desire, I thought, after receiving my com-
munication, to send some parting word by me to her unhappy lover. I
ought to give her the opportunity.
    I therefore sat down in my room, before going to bed, and wrote to
her. I told her that I had seen him, and that he had requested me to
tell her what I have already written in its place in these sheets. I faith-
fully repeated it. I had no need to enlarge upon it, if I had had the
right. Its deep fidelity and goodness were not to be adorned by me or
any man. I left it out, to be sent round in the morning ; with a line to
Mr. Peggotty, requesting him to give it to her; and went to bed at
daybreak.
    I was weaker than I knew then ; and, not falling asleep until the sun was
up, lay late, and unrefreshed, next day. I was roused by the silent presence
of my aunt at my bedside. I felt it in my sleep, as I suppose we all do
feel such things.
    "Trot, my dear," she said, when I opened my eyes, " I couldn't make
up my mind to disturb you. Mr. Peggotty is here; shall he come u p ? "
    I replied yes, and he soon appeared.
    " Mas'r Davy," he said, when we had shaken hands, " I giv Em'ly
your letter, sir, and she writ this heer; and begged of me fur to ask you
to read it, and if you see no hurt in't, to be so kind as take charge
on 't."
    " Have you read it ? " said I.
    H e nodded sorrowfully. I opened it, and read as follows :
       I have got your message. Oh, what can I write, to thank you for .your good
                                                                             .
  and blessed-kindness to me !
    'L I have put the words close to my heart. I shall keep them till I die. They
  are sharp thorns, but they are such comfort. I have prayed over them, oh, I
  have prayed so much. When I find what you are, and what uncle is, I think
  what God must be, and can cry to him.
    "Good bye for ever. Now, my dear, my friend, good bye for ever in this
  world. I n another world, if I am forgiven, I may wake a child and come to you.
  All thanks and blessings. Farewell, evermore !"

   This, blotted with tears, was the letter.
   " May I tell her as you doen't see no hurt in 't, and as you'll be so

kind as take charge on 't, Mas'r Davy ? " said Mr. Peggotty, when I had
read it.
   " Unquestionably," said I-" but I am thinking-"
   " Yes, Mas'r Davy ? "
   " I am thinking," said I, " that I'll go down again toyarmouth. There 'S

time, and to spare, for me to go and come back before the ship sails. My
mind is constantly running on him, in his solitude ; to put this letter of
her writing in his hand at this time, and to enable you to tell her, in the
moment of parting, that he has got it, will be a kindness to both of them.
I solemnly accepted his commission, dear good fellow, and cannot dis-
charge it too completely. The journey is nothing to me. I am restless,
and shall be better in motion. I 'l1 go down to-night."
   Though he anxiously endeavoured to dissuade me, I saw that he was of
