                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                             CHAPTER VII.
                  MY "FIRST     HALF"   AT SALEM HOUSE.

    SCHOOL    began in earnest next day. A profound impression was made
 upon me, I remember, by the roar of voices in the schoolroom suddenly
 becoming hushed as death when Mr. Creakle entered after breakfast, and
 stood in the doorway looking round upon us like a giant in a story-book
 surveying his captives.
    Tungay stood at Mr. Creakle's elbow. He had no occasion, I thought,
 to cry out " Silence ! " so ferociously, for the boys were all struck speech-
 less and motionless.
    Mr. Creakle was seen to speak, and Tungay was heard, to this effect.
    "Now, boys, this is a new half. Take care what you're about, in this
 new half. Come fresh up to the lessons, I advise you, for I come fresh up
 to the punishment. I won't flinch. I t will be of no use your rubbing
 yourselves; you won't rub the marks out that I shall give you. Now
 get to work, every boy ! "
    When this dreadful exordium was over, and Tungay had stumped out
 again, Mr. Creakle came to where I sat, and told me that if I were famous
for biting, he was famous for biting, too. He then showed me the cane,
and asked me what I thought of that, for a tooth? Was it a sharp tooth,
Fey ? Was it a double tooth, hey ? Had it a deep prong, hey ? Did
it bite, hey? Did it bite ? At every question he gave me a fleshy cut
with it that made me writhe; so I was very soon made free of Salem
House (as Steerforth said), and very soon in tears also.
   Not that I mean to say these were special marks of distinction, which
only I received. On the contrary, a large majority of the boys (especially
the smaller ones) were visited with similar instances of notice, as
Mr. Creakle made the round of the schoolroom. Half the establishment
was writhing and crying, before the day's work began ; and how much of it
had writhed and cried before the day's work was over, I am really afraid
to recollect, lest I should seem to exaggerate.
   I should think there never can have been a man who enjoyed his pro-
fession more than Mr. Creakle did. H e had a delight in cutting at the
boys, which was like the satisfaction of a craving appetite. I am confident
that he couldn't resist a chubby boy, especially; that there was a fascina-
tion in such a subject, which made him restless in his mind, until he had
scored and marked him for the day. I was chubby myself, and ought to
know. I am sure when I think of the fellow now, my blood rises against
him with the disinterested indignation I should feel if I could have known
all about him without having ever been in his power ; but it rises hotly,
because I know him to have been an incapable brute, who had no more
right to be possessed of the great trust he held, than to be Lord High
Admiral, or Commander-in-chief : in either of which capacities, it is pro-
bable that he would have done infinitely less mischief.
   Miserable little propitiators of a remorseless Idol, how abject we were
                                                                 F
