        Now      Publishing, in Monthly                  Numbers, P r i c e                  ONESHILLING
                                                                                                      each,


                                                           THE


       JOURNAL OF DESIGN,                             ADDRESSED TO

              MERCHANTS, MANUFACTURERS, RETAIL DEALERS, DESIGNERS,
                              A N D ART-WORKMEN.
                                      --
   THEJOURNAL   OF DESIGNwill have, as it ought to have, politics of its own. I n this
matter of Ornamental Design we hope to prove ourselves thoroughly conservative of the
best interests of manufacturers, designers, and all parties concerned. W e are the
cates for better laws and a better tribunal to protect copyright in designs, and for a
largely increased extension of copyright. We think the restless demands of the public
for constant novelty are alike mischievous to the progress of good ornamental art as
they are to all comnlercial interests. W e think that the Schools of Design should be
reformed and made husiness-like realities. W e shall wage war against all pirates; and
we hope to see the day when it will be thought as disgraceful for one manufacturer to
pillage another's patterns as it is held to be if he should walk into the counting-house
and rob his till. These are some of the points of our political creed, with which we start
on our undertaking. I n conclusion, we profess that our aim is to foster ornamental art in
all its ways, and to do those things for its advance, in all its branches, which it would be
the appropriate business of a Board of Design to do, if such a useful department of
Government actually existed.
               The following Testimonials, a m o n g others, to the p r a c t i c a l value of t l ~ eWork,
                                           h a v e been a l r e a d y received :-
  "It is matter of surprise t o us, as i t has no doubt         of the subject. We anticipate that, whilst i t may thus
been to others, t h a t no periodical of the kind should        hecorne a good circulating medium for new ornamental
have been established i n this country; for althongh            designs, i t may be also ancillary to the diffusion of just
decorative a r t h a s received incidental notice in various    taste."-Advocate,   or Irish Industrial Jourr~al.
journals, i t has not received that complete and syste-
matic consideration which its national value m a com-              ''This is t h e first number of a monthly magazine
meroial point of view demands. T H E JOURNAL OF                 which bids fa.5 to become of vast utility to towns like
DESIGN,therefore, if i t isconducted upon t h e principles      Nottingham, where t h e staple trades depend so much
described by its conductors in their opening address,           upon elegance and newness of design. T h e illustrations
can hardly fail to he very extensively acceptable, as           i n t h e part before us are very numerous and extremely
supplyingoneoftheohviouswantsof t h e day. T h e pre-                     .
                                                                good. . . . These illustrations a r e accompanied by
                                                                thirty-two pages of letterpress-and all forashi1ling."-
sent part, making t h e allowances claimed for it as a
first appearance, gives promise of substantialutility, the      Nottinghaml~ireGuas.dian.
fulfilment of which we shall have pleasure i n recording
from time to time, as the sueoessive                   come       "Manufacturers who wish any new fabric noticed
underournotice.    ...      T H EJOURNAL OF DESIGNis pnh-
 lished at a pricewhich will place i t within the reach of
                                                                have Only to send as much to the Office as             be
                                                                swatch ill each copy of t h e journal. T h e literary as
 all who are interested in its contents,n-~idlard               well as the artistical part is well got up, and t h e jour-
 Counties Herald.                                               nal deserves t h e patronage of t h e admirers of t h e fine
                                                                and useful arts.--Glasmw Examiner.
    " W e last month had t h e pleasure of welcoming t h e
first appearance of this periodical, and of noticing t h e        " Tlte letterpress i.i ~.i.,~fusel,villtistrate&lt;l rvitli wood-
promise of utility which it held out. An examination            cot.;. T h e work appenvj I ~ k t l , to     i I&gt;euf -rrvit.e it, yru-
of t h e contents of t h e present number confirms t h e        ~ncrtir~:the gruath of r 3 , r c . " - - t i L ~ , , ~ ~ ~Lt i~. , t ~ d i l u l i ~ ) t u l .
favourable opinion we then expressed, and we would                  " I t is with feelings of genuine pleasure t h a t we wel-
again commend t h e publication to t h e notice of all who      come t h e appearance of another journal devoted to t h e
a r e interested in t h e cultivation and spread of decora-     important subject of decorative art. In T H EJOURNAL
tive art. . . . . W e shall certainly be much mistaken if       OF DESIGNwe observe one characteristic feature not
THEJOURNAL         OF DESIGN(supposing i t to be continued      contained in any other work occupying a similar field
as i t has commenced) does not give a lively impulse to         of operation. Besides woodcuts of ornamental designs,
every description of manufacture on which decorative            such as have been long made familiar to our readers i n
a r t can be brought to bear."--MidZanrl Counties Herald,       t h e pages of the Art-Journal, the work before us is a n
SEcoNn NOTICE.                                                  actual pattern-book. We have t h e very textures and
    " T h e manner and tone of THEJOUBNAL        OF DESIGN      fahrics themselves before us."-Shfleld         Times.
a r e good, t h e editor's resources appear to he consider-
able, and some novel features in t h e undertaking can-             " T h e sample number of a new periodical, devoted to
not fail to arrest attention strongly. T h e introdoction        a review of ornamental design and art-manufactures.
of actual patterns of manufactured fabrics strikes one           I t promises to be a well-conducted work, and t h e pat-
a t first as a somewhat daring innovation, a too obvious         terns and numerous illustrat~onswhich accompany l t
introduction of literature to trade; hut i t is found, on        will render i t of utility to manufacturers, artists, and
examination, t o be in n o respect out of place, but in-         designers."-Bristol Mercury.
deed suitable and useful in every way."-Examiner.                    " T h i s is a monthly magazine upon a novel and what
    " T h e objects of T H EJOURNAL    OF DESIGN,a nlonthly      appears to be a n excellent plan. T o conduct such a
periodical, a r e directly practical. T o t h e so?-disant       work effectively, a n abundance of illustration is neces-
 connoisseur ~ t tone
                    s     and aim rnav savour too much of        sary, and this magazine 1s distinguished by its cantain-
t h e trade-its insertion, wheneve; practical, of absolute       ing actual patterns; thus showing t h e fabric as well as
 patterns of textile fabrics or printed paper-hangings,          t h e design, and giving practical men a far better idea
may startle Fine A d nerves with its a i r of a mercer's         t h a n any engraving could possibly do. T h e contents of
pattern-hook; hut t h e tone of writing 1s healthy and           t h e magazine are of a varied character. . . . . This
independent, and its criticism on t h e patterns reviewed I'     new publication, indeed, appears to he calculated for
 a r e characterisad by judgment and artistic knowledge           great utility."-hiewcasfle   Courant.
                                                                                                              [Turn over.
