                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

some time, when I found a likeness of Miss Dartle looking eagerly at me
from above the chimney-piece.
   I t was a startling likeness, and necessarily had a startling look. The
painter hadn't made the scar, but I made i t ; and there it was, coming
and going : now confined to the upper lip as I had seen it at dinner, and
now showing the whole extent of the wound inflicted by the hammer, as I
had seen it when she was passionate.
   I wondered peevishly why they couldn't put her anywhere else instead
of quartering her on me. To get rid of her, I undressed quickly, extin-
guished my light, and went to bed. But, as I fell asleep, 1could not
forget that she was still there looking, " I s it really, though? I want to
know ;" and when I awoke in the night, I found that I was uneasily
asking all sorts of people in my dreams whether it really was or not-
without knowing what I meant.




                           CHAPTER XXI.


   THEREwas a servant in that house, a man who, I understood, was
usually with Steerforth, and had come into his service at the University,
who was in appearance a pattern of respectability. I believe there never
existed in his station a more respectable-looking man. He was taciturn,
soft-footed, very quiet in his manner, deferential, observant, always at
hand when wanted, and never near when not wanted; but his great claim
to consideration was his respectability. He had not a pliant face, he had
rather a stiff neck, rather a tight smooth head with short hair clinging to
it at the sides, a soft way of speaking, with a peculiar habit of whispering
the letter S so distinctly, that he seemed to use it oftener than any other
man; but every peculiarity that he had he made respectable. If his nose
had been upside-down, he would have made that respectable. H e sur-
rounded himself with an atmosphere of respectability, and walked secure
in it. I t would have been next to impossible to suspect him of anything
wrong, he was so thoroughly respectable. Nobody could have thought of
putting him in a livery, he was so highly respectable. To have imposed
any derogatory work upon him, would have been to inflict a wanton insult
on the feelings of a most respectable man. And of this, I noticed the
women-servants in the household were so intuitively conscious, that they
always did such work themselves, and generally while he read the paper
by the pantry fire.
   Such a self-contained man I never saw. But in that quality, as in
every other he possessed, he only seemed to be the more respectable. Even
the fact that no one knew his Christian name, seemed to form a part of
his respectability. Nothing could be objected against his surname Littimer,
by which he was known. Peter might have been hanged, or Tom trans-
ported ; but Littimer was perfectly respectable.
                                       P 2
