                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   The Master at Salem House lifted the latch of one of a number of little
black doors that were all alike, and had each a little diamond-paned
window on one side, and another little diamond-paned window above ;
and we went into the little house of one of these poor old women, who was
blowing a fire to make a little saucepan boil. On seeing the master enter, the
old woman stopped with the bellows on her knee, and said something that
I thought sounded like "My Charley ! " but on seeing me come in too,
she got up, and rubbing her hands made a confused sort of half curtsey.
   " Can you cook this young gentleman's breakfast for him, if you please? "
said the Master at Salem House.
   " Can I ?" said the old woman. " Yes can I , sure !"
   " How's Mrs. Fibbitson to-day ?" said the Master, looldng at another
old woman in a large chair by the fire, who was such a bundle of clothes
that I feel grateful to this hour for not having sat upon her by mistake.
   " Ah, she's poorly,"      said the first old woman. " I t 's one of her
bad days. If the fire was to go out, through any accident, I verily believe
she 'd go out too, and never come to life again."
   As they looked at her, I looked at her also. Although it was a warm
day, she seemed to think of nothing but the fire. I fancied she was jealous
even of the saucepan on it ; and I have reason to know that she took its
impressment into the service of boiling my egg and broiling my bacon, in
dudgeon; for I saw her, withmy own discomfited eyes, shake her fist at me
once, when those culinary operations were going on, and no one else was
looking. The sun streamed in at the little window, but she sat with her
own back and the back of the large chair towards it, screening the fire as if
she were sedulously keeping it warm, instead of it keeping her warm, and
watching it in a most distrustful manner. The completion of the prepara-
tions for my breakfast, by relieving the fire, gave her such extreme joy that
she laughed aloud-and a very unmelodious laugh she had, I must say.
   I sat down to my brown loaf, my egg, and my rasher of bacon, with a
bason of milk besides, and made a most delicious meal. While I was yet
in the full enjoyment of it, the old woman of the house said to the Master :
   " Have you got your flute with you?"
   " Yes," he returned.
   " Have a blow at it," said the old woman, coaxingly. "Do !"
   The Master, upon this, put his hand underneath the skirts of his coat,
and brought out his flute in three pieces, which he screwed together, and
began immediately to play. My impression is, after many years of con-
sideration, that there never can have been anybody in the worId who
played worse. H e made the most dismal sounds I have ever heard pro-
duced by any means, natural or artificial. I don't know what the tunes
were-if there were such things in the performance at all, which I doubt
-but the influence of the strain upon me was, first, to make me think of
all my sorrows until I could hardly keep my tears back; then to take
away my appetite; and lastly to make me so sleepy that I couldn't keep
my eyes open. They begin to close again, and I begin to nod, as the
recollection rises fresh upon me. Once more the little room with its
open corner cupboard, and its square-backed chairs, and its angular little
staircase leading to the room above, and its three peacock's feathers dis-
played over the mantelpiece-I remember wondering when I first went in,
