130            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    Mr. Dolloby rolled it up again, and gave it me back. " I should rob
 my family," he said, "if I was to offer ninepence for it."
    This was a disagreeable way of putting the business ; because it imposed
upon me, a perfect stranger, the unpleasantness of asking Mr. Dolloby to
rob his family on my account. My circumstances being so very pressing,
however, I said I would take ninepence for it, if he pleased. Mr. Dolloby,
not without some grumbling, gave ninepence. I wished him good night,
and walked out of the shop, the richer by that sum, and the poorer by a
waistcoat. But when I buttoned my jacket, that was not much.
    Indeed, I foresaw pretty clearly that my jacket would go next, and that I
should have to make the best of my way to Dover in a shirt and a pair of
trowsers, and might deem myself lucky if I got there even in that trim. But
my mind did not run so much on this as might be supposed. Beyond a
general impression of the distance before me, and of the young man with
the donkey-cart having used me cruelly, I think I had no very urgent sense
of my difficulties when I once again set off with my ninepence in my pocket.
    A plan had occurred to me for passing the night, which I was going to
carry into execution. This was, to lie behind the wall at the back of my
old school, in a corner where there used to be a haystack. I imagined it
would be a kind of company to have the boys, and the bed-room where
I used to tell the stories, so near me: although the boys would know
nothing of my being there, and the bed-room would yield me no shelter.
   I had had a hard day's work, and was pretty well jaded when I came
climbing out, at last, upon the level of Blackheath. I t cost me some
trouble to find out Salem House ; but I found it, and I found a haystack
in the corner, and I lay down by it ;having first walked round the wall, and
looked up at the windows, and seen that all was dark and silent within.
Never shall I forget the lonely sensation of first lying down, without a
roof above my head !
    Sleep came upon me as it came on many other outcasts, against whom
house-doors were locked, and house-dogs barked, that night -and I
dreamed of lying on my old school-bed, talking to the boys in my room;
and found myself sitting upright, with Steerforth's name upon my lips,
looking wildly at the stars that were glistening and glimmering above me.
When I remembered where I was at that untimely hour, a feeling stole
upon me that made me get up, afraid of I don't know what, and walk
about. But the fainter glimmering of the stars, and the pale light in the
sky where the day was coming, reassured me : and my eyes being very
heavy, I lay down again, and slept-though with a knowledge in my sleep
that it was cold-until the warm beams of the sun, and the ringing of the
 getting-up bell at Salem House, awoke me. If I could have hoped that
 Steerforth was there, I would have lurked about until he came out alone ;
 but I knew he must have left long since. Traddles still remained, perhaps,
 but it was very doubtful; and I had not sufficient confidence in his discre-
 tion or good luck, however strong my reliance was on his good-nature, to
 wish to trust him with my situation. So I crept away from the wall as
 Mr. Creakle's boys were getting up, and struck into the long dusty track
 which I had first known to be the Dover road when I was one of them,
 and when I little expected that any eyes would ever see me the wayfarer
 I was now, upon it.
