                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                         7
                                                 --
        CHILDREN'S FROCKS, COATS, AND PELISSES ;
                              I n all the New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
                              large portion of which areexpressly adapted for School
                              Wear, a t SHEARMAN'S, 5 , FINSBURY PAVEMENT,
                              LONDON (between the Bank and F i n s h u r ~Square).
                                 SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view from
                                                                               .
                              the useful dress a t Is. I l d . , 2s. 6 d 3s. 6d midiurn
                              6s. 6d 7 s . 6d., 10s. 6d., 12s. 6 d . . h'hndsoki 15s. 6d.:
                              18s. 62, 21s. 6d., up to the richeAt goods rns;de i n Silk
                              Velvets, Three, Four, and Five Guineas.
                                 HOLLAND DRESSESof all kinds. Pinafores, I O * ~ . ;
                              Frocks, Is. 6d., Is. 9d.j ditto, long sleeves, 2 s . gd.,
                              3s. Bd. ; Blouses, 3s. 6d., 4s. tid., 5s. 6 d .
                                 MANTLES PALETOTS CLOAKS JACKETS, and
                              SPENCERS, in great variity, adapted for all ages, two
                              years and upwards.

                      INPANTS' CLOAKS, HOODS, HATS, and BONNETS, LONG
                    and S H O R T ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night G ~                          ~     ~         ~   ,
                    Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Night Caps,                  open
                    and Round Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets,              a
                    general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N , together with every article usually
                    required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating the trouble and
                     convenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops when
                    J U V E N I L E C L O T H I N G is required.
                       *+* A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
                    free on the receipt of a paid Letter.
                        -            --                                   --        -
                                                                                    -
                  e Blood and Strength-                     1      UNn
       ening the Digestive Organs.                          I
F    RENCW'S SARSAPARILLA AND
        CHAMOMILE. a concentrated Fluid E x t r ~of
these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited
                                                      ~t    1
for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-
gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
Fits, Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,
Rheumatic and Nervous Affections, and all Impurities
of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too sedentary
a life, dissipation, and other causes. However debili-
tated the system, or deep-rooted t h e disease, by the
diligent use of this purifying Medicine the energies
of the whole nervous system will he augmented, a
more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
produced and feebleness, and all the deplorable
symptomb of disease will vanish, and strength and
health be restored t o t h e feeble and afiiicted by its
                                                            1
restorative properties.-Prepared       only by W. A.
FRENCE309 Holhorn, two doors west of Chancery-                     The best and safest Medicine for ~ a d i e s . An
lane. &ice ;s.gd., 4s. 6d., lls., and 228.                      eminent Physician says, "Ladies who take No. 1
                                                        .       from 1 4 to 20, and No. 2, from 20 to 50 years of age:
                                                                pass through life comparatively free from complaint,
                                                PRE-
AMPUTATION                     AGAIN
        VENTED BY HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT
AND ~ l ~ ~ ~ . - - ~ xoft ra aletter
                                 c t from hlr. S- Smith,    I
                                                                and never suffer from the painful diseases of advanced
                                                                Ufe." Consumption is prevented-Chlorosis-Gene-
                                                                ral Weakness, accompanied by weariness and sinking
69, Capel Street, Dublin, dated March 13, 1849:--"To        /   a t the pit of the stomach-Feverishness-Indigestion
Professor Hollowaj..-Dear Sir,-I think it only mY               -Constipation-Lossof      appetite-Flatulence-Heart.
duty to inform you and the public of the wonderful              burn-Giddiness-Palpitation-Pains          in the Head
cure your Ointment and Pillshave effected on me.
For three years I bad a dreadful wound i n my 1%
                                                                Stomach, Loins, and all Hysterical Affections      ari
                                                                completely removed by their peculiar effects.
I tried all the faculty in this city, but t o no Purpose;         Sold by ali the London WholesaleHouses: Earclay,
they informed m e that nothing could save my life but           Edwards Sutton Sanger, Dietrichsen Prout, a t
amputation. I was then advised by a celebrated                  ~ocock'~'Pema1e     'pill Warehouse, 16, king Street,
doctor to use your remedies, which in a brief period            Covent Garden, and all established Patent Medicine
have healed my leg, and made it a s strong a s it               Vendors throughout the kingdom. N.B "Locock~s
formerly was." Sold by all vendors of Medicine, and             Female Pills" is engraved on the Government Stamp
at Professor HoUoway9s establishment, 244, Strand,              outside each Box.
London.

~ C N~ E
 1
       " O I L E Tof                  BEAUTY
         furnishes innumerable proofs of the high
estimation in which GOWLAND'S LOTION is held
                                                                IFAUTP.--The
                                                                      +                      thorn that veils the
                                                                       primrose from our view is not more invidious
                                                                in Nature than superfluous Hair on the Face, Neck,
by the most distinguished possessors of brilliant               and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
complexions. This elegant preparation comprehends               DER is the most certain and elegant preparation for
the preservation of the complexion, both from the               its removal-the gelmine is perfectly innocent, is easy
effects of eutaneous malady and the operation of                and pleasant to use, and has been s ~ g n e d " G. H.
variable temperature, by refreshing its delicacy, and           HOGARD '' for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro-
Sustaining the brightest tints with which beauty is             prietor by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,
adorned.-"Robert Shaw,London."is in white letters               Cooent' Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, in
on the Government stamp of the genuine. Price                   packets, price 4s. Double ditto, 7s., or by post, free
2S1 Qd., 56.61.: quarts, 8s. 6 d .                              for so or 88 Postage stamps.
