                        OP DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         567
    "When I was last here," I faltered, " Miss Dartle told me he was
sailing here and there. The night before last was a dreadful one at sea.
If he were at sea that night, and near a dangerous coast, as it is said
he was; and if the vessel that was seen should really be the ship
which -        "
    " Rosa ! " said Mrs. Steerforth, " come to me ! "
    She came, but with no sympathy or gentleness. Her eyes gleamed
like fire as she confronted his mother, and broke into a frightful laugh.
    "Xow," she said, "is your pride appeased, you madwoman? Now
has he made atonement to you-~vith            his life ! Do you hear ?--%is
life ! "
    Mrs. Steerforth, fallen back stiffly in her chair, and making no sound
but a moan, cast her eyes upon her with a wide stare.
    " Aye ! " cried Rosa, smiting herself passionately on the breast, "look
at me ! Moan, and groan, and look at me ! Look here ! " striking the
 scar, " at your dead child's handy work ! "
    The moan the mother uttered, from time to time, went to my heart.
 Always the same. Always inarticulate and stifled. Always accompanied
 with an incapable motion of the head, but with no change of face.
Always proceeding from a rigid mouth and closed teeth, as if the jaw
were locked and the face frozen up in pain.
     " Do you remember when he did this ? " she proceeded. '' Do you
remember when, in his inheritance of your nature, and in your pampering
 of his pride and passion, he did this, and disfigured me for life? Look
 at me, marked until I die with his high displeasure ; and moan and groan
 for what you made him ! "
     " Miss Dartle," I entreated her. "For Heaven's sake ----"
     " I will speak ! " she said, turning on me with her lightning eyes. "Be
 silent, you! Look at me, I say, proud mother of a proud false son!
 Moan for your nurtme of him, moan for your corruption of him, moan for
 your loss of him, moan for mine ! "
     She clenched her hand, and trembled through her spare, worn figure,
 as if her passion were killing her by inches.
     "You, resent his selfwill ! " she exclaimed. " YOU, injured by his
 haughty temper! You, who opposed to both, when your hair was grey,
 the qualities which made both when you gave him birth ! You, who from
 his cradle reared him to be what he was, and stunted what he should
 have been ! Are you rewarded, aow, for y o u years of trouble ? "
     " 0 Miss Dartle, shame ! 0 cruel ! "
     " I tell you," she returned, " I will speak to her. No power on earth
 should stop me, while I was standing here ! Have I been silent all these
 years, and shall I not speak now? I loved him better than you ever
 loved him ! " turning on her fiercely. " I could have loved him, and
 asked no return. If I had been his wife, I could have been the slave of
 his caprices for a word of love a-year. I should have been. Who knows
 it better than I ? You were exacting, proud, punctilious, selfish. My
 love would have been devoted-would have trod your paltry whimpering
 under foot ! "
     With flashing eyes, she stamped upon the ground as if she actually
 did it.
