                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          275
  well." She answered, " Very well." I said, " How is Mr. Murdstone ? "
  She replied, " My brother is robust, I am obliged to you."
    $Zr. Spenlow, who, I suppose, had been surprised to see us recognise
  each other, then put in his word.
    " I am glad to find," he said, " Copperfield, that you and Miss Murd-

 stone are already acquainted."
    '' Mr. Copperfield and myself," said Miss Murdstone, wi.th severe
 composure, " are conncxions. We were once slightly acquainted. I t was
 in his childish days. Circumstances have separated us since. I should
 not have known him."
    I replied that I should have known her, any where. Which was true
 enough.
    " Miss Murdstone has had the goodness," said Mr. Spenlow to me, " to

 accept the office-if I may so describe it-of my daughter Dora's con-
 fidential friend. My daughter Dora having, unhappily, no mother, Miss
 Murdstone is obliging enough to become her companion and protector."
    Apassing thought occurred to me that Miss Murdstone, like the pocket
instrument called a life-preserver, was not so much designed for purposes
 of protection as of assault. But as I had none but passing thoughts for
 any subject save Dora, I glanced at her, directly afterwards, and was
 thinking that I saw, in her prettily pettish manner, that she was not
very much inclined to be particularly confidential to her companion and
protector, when a bell rang, which Mr. Spenlow said was the first dinuer-
bell, and so carried me off to dress.
    The idea of dressing one's self, or doing any thing in the way of action,
in that state of love, was a little too ridiculous. I could only sit down
before my fire, biting the key of my carpet-bag, and think of the capti-
vating, girlish, bright-eyed lovely Dora. What a form she had, what a
face she had, what a graceful, variable, enchanting manner !
    The bell rang again so soon that I made a mere scramble of my dress-
ing, instead of the careful operation I could have wished under the
circumstances, and went down-stairs. There was some company. Dora
was talking to an old gentleman with a grey head. Grey as he was-and
a great-grandfather into the bargain, for he said so-I was madly jealous
of him.
    What a state of mind I was in ! I was jealous of everybody. I couldn't
bear the idea of anybody knowing Mr. Spenlow better than I did. I t was
torturing to me to hear them talk of occurrences in which I had had
no share. When a most amiable person, with a highly polished bald
head, asked me across the dinner-table, if that were the first occasion of
my seeing the grounds, I could have done anything to him that was
savage and revengeful.
    I don't remember who was there, except Dora. I have not the least idea
what we had for dinner, besides Dora. My impression is, that I dined off
Dora, entirely, and sent away half-a-dozen plates untouched. I sat next
to her. I talked to her. She had the most delightful little voice, the
gayest little laugh, the pleasantest and most fascinating little ways, that
ever led a lost youth into hopeless slavery. She was rather diminutive
altogether. So much the more precious, I thought.
    When she went out of the room with Miss Murdstone (no other ladies
were of the party), I fell into a reverie, only disturbed by the cruel appre-
                                                               T 2
