                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            531
   rience I had of him, at first took even me by surprise, who had known
   him so long, and disliked him so heartily.
       I say nothing of the look he conferred on me, as he stood eyeing us,
   one after another; for I had always understood that he hated me, and I
   remembered the marks of my hand upon his cheek. But when his eyes
   passed on to Agnes, and I saw the rage with which he felt his power over
   her slipping away, and the exhibition, in their disappointment, of the
   odious passions that had led him to aspire to one whose virtues he could
   never appreciate or care for, I was shocked by the mere thought of her
  having lived, an hour, within sight of such a man.
      After some rubbing of the lower part of his face, and some looking at
  us with those bad eyes, over his grisly fingers, he made one more address
  to me, half whining, and half abusive.
      'S You think it justifiable, do you, Copperfield, you who pride yourself

  so much on your honor and all the rest of it, to sneak about my place,
  eaves-dropping with my clerk? If it had been me, I shouldn't have
  wondered; for I don't make myself out a gentleman (though I never was
  in the streets either, as you were, according to Micawber), but being you !
  -And you're not afraid of doing this, either? You don't think at all of
  what I shall do, in return ; or of getting yourself into trouble for conspiracy
  and so forth? Very well. We shall see ! Mr. What's-your-name, you
  were going to refer some question to Micawber. There 'S your referee.
  Why don't you make him speak? He has learnt his lesson, I see."
      Seeing that what he said had no effect on me or any of us, he sat on the
 edge of his table with his hands in his pockets, and one of his splay feet
 twisted round the other leg, waiting doggedly for what might follow.
     Mr. Micawber, whose impetuosity I had restrained thus far with the
 greatest difficulty, and who had repeatedly interposed with the first syllable
 of S~OUN-drel     ! without getting to the second, now burst forward, drew
 the ruler from his breast (apparently as a defensive weapon), and produced
 from his pocket a foolscap document, folded in the form of a large letter.
 Opening this packet, with his old flourish, and glancing at the contents,
 as if he cherished an artistic admiration of their style of composition,
 he began to read as follows :
     " 'Dear Miss Trotwood and gentlemen -' "
     " Bless and save the man ! " exclaimed my aunt in a low voice. c c He 'd
 write letters by the ream, if it was a capital offence ! "
     Mr. Micawber, without hearing her, went on.
     " ' In appearing before you to denounce probably the most consummate
Villain that has ever existed,' " Mr. Micawber, without looking off the
letter, pointed the ruler, like a ghostly truncheon, at Uriah Weep, " ' I ask
no consideration for myself. The victim, from my cradle, of pecuniary
liabilities to which I have been unable to respond, I have ever been the sport
and toy of debasing circumstances. Ignominy, Want, Despair, and Mad-
ness, have, collectively or separately, been the attendants of my career.' "
    The relish with which Mr. Micawber described himself, as a prey to
these dismal calamities, was only to be equalled by the emphasis with
which he read his letter; and the kind of homage he rendered to it with a
roll of his head, when he thought he had hit a sentence very hard indeed.
    " ' I n an accumulation of Ignominy, Want, Despair, and Madness, I
entered the office-or, as our lively neighbour the Gaul would term it,
                                                             M M 2
