                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           581
not now, and she was not. The time was past. I had let it go by, and
had deservedly lost her.
   That I suffered much in these contentions, that they filled me with
unhappiness and remorse, and yet that I had a sustaining sense that it
was required of me, in right and honor, to keep away from myself, with
shame, the thought of turning to the dear girl in the withering of my
hopes, from whom I had frivolously turned when they were bright and
fresh-which consideratioil was at the root of every thought I had con-
cerning her-is all equally true. I made no effort to conceal from myself,
now, that I loved her, that I was devoted to her; bnt I brought the
assurance home to myself, that it was now too late, and that our long-
subsisting relation must be undisturbed.
   I had thought, much and often, of my Dora's shadowing out to me
what might have happened, in those years that were destined not to try us ;
I had considered how the things that never happen, are often as much
realities to us, in their effects, as those that are accomplished. The very
years she spoke of, were realities now, for my correction ; and would have
been, one day, a little later perhaps, though we had parted in our earliest
folly. I endeavoured to convert what might have been between myself
and Agnes, into a means of making me more self-denying, more resolved,
more conscious of myself, and my defects and errors. Thus, through the
reflection that it might have been, I arrived at the conviction that it could
never be.
   These, with their perplexities and inconsistencies, were the shifting
quicksands of my mind, from the time of my departure to the time of
my return home, three years afterwards. Three years had elapsed since
the sailing of the emigrant ship; when, at that same hour of sunset, and
in the same place, I stood on the deck of the packet vessel that brought
me home, looking on the rosy water where I had seen the image of that
ship reflected.
   Three years. Long in the aggregate, though short as they went by.
And home was very dear to me, and Agnes too-but she was not mine-
she was never to be mine. She might have been, but that was past !
