  New Weekly Illustrated Periodical for
                                 Ladies.
    On Saturday, December 29, will be published (to be continued Weekly)
                   price 3d., o r Stamped, 4d., No. I.of




                  EDITED BY MRS. LOUDON.
          ASSISTED   BY THE MOST EMINENT WRITERS AND ARTISTS.



T H E want of a First Class Periodical adapted to the Tastes and Pursuits of
    Women having been constantly urged upon me, I have projected, with
an earnest desire for the Improvement and Elevation of the Female Character,
and in conjunction with some of the best names in Literature and Art-

 THE LADIES' COMPANION AT                     H O M E AND ABROAD.
   The first point will be to enforce the necessity of Mental Cultivation. I n
educating female children, we too often give an undue importance to
accomplishments, forgetting that they are the adjuncts, and not the prin-
cipal object ; only the garnishing to the solid food ; useful to make girls
agreeable in society ; but not enough to make them good wives and mothers,
or, a t any rate, valuable members of the community.
   The Influence of Women in Society, and the necessity for their mental
cultivation, are now generally acknowledged ; and the old fancy, that
learning must make women pedantic and disagreeable, is rapidly passing
away. I t is true that there are some pedantic women, who are exceedingly
disagreeable ; but are there not also pedantic men, who are just as much
so ? And yet no one, I believe, ever yet proposed to deny the benefit of
mental cultivation to all men, because the brains of some few are found
too weak to bear it.
   To make women agreeable social companions to their husbands and
other male relations, it is necessary for them to be acquainted with many
Matters of General Information, continually recurring in books and conver-
sation, which are not usually taught in girls' schools ; and it will be
endeavoured, in the present work, to give young persons such a Know-
