54             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 when a man entered and whispered to the clerk, who presently slanted me
 off the scale, and pushed me over to him, as if I were weighed, bought,
 delivered, and paid for.
    As I went out of the office, hand in hand with this new acquaintance,
 I stole a look at him. He was a gaunt, sallow young man, with hollow
 cheeks, and a chin almost as black as Mr, Mnrdstone's; but there the
 likeness ended, for his whiskers were shaved off, and his hair, instead of
 being glossy, was rusty and dry. He was dressed in a suit of black clothes
 which were rather rusty and dry too, and rather short in the sleeves and
 legs ; and he had a white neck-kerchief on that was not over-clean. I did
 not, and do not, suppose that this neck-kerchief was all the linen he wore,
 but it was all he showed or gave any hint of.
    " You 're the new boy ? " he said.

    " Yes, sir," I said.
    I supposed I was. I didn't know.
    "I 'm one of the masters at Salem House," he said.
    I made him a bow and felt very much overawed. I was so ashamed to
allude to a common-place thing like my box, to a scholar and a master at
Salem House, that we had gone some little distance from the yard before
I had the hardihood to mention it. We turned back, on my humbly
insinuating that it might be useful to me hereafter ; and he told the clerk
that the carrier had instructions to call for it at noon.
    " If you please, sir," I said, when we had accomplished about the same
distance as before, " is it far ? "
    " It's down by Blackheath," he said.
    "Is that far, sir ? " I diffidently asked.
    "It's a good step," he said. "We shall go by the stage-coach. I t ' s
about six miles."
    I was so faint and tired, that the idea of holding out for six miles more,
was too much for me. I took heart to tell him that I had had nothing all
night, and that if he would allow me to buy something to eat, I should be
very much obliged to him. He appeared surprised at this-I see him stop
and look at me now-and after considering for a few moments, said he
wanted to call on an old person who lived not far 08,and that the best
way would be for me to buy some bread, or whatever I liked best that was
.rvholesome, and make my breakfast at her house, where we could get
some milk.
    Accordingly ure looked in at a baker's window, and after I had made a
series of proposals to buy everything that was bilious in the shop, and lie
had rejected them one by one, we decided in favour of a nice little loaf of
brown bread, which cost me threepence. Then, at a grocer's shop, we
bought an egg and a slice of streaky bacon ; which still left what I thought
a good deal of change, out of the second of the bright shillings, and made
me consider London a very cheap place. These provisions laid in, we went
on through a great noise and uproar that confused my weary head beyond
description, and over a bridge which, no doubt, was London Bridge
(indeed I think he told me so, but I was half asleep), until we came to the
poor person's house, which was a part of some alms-houses, as I knew by
their look, and by an inscription on a stone over the gate, which said they
were established for twenty-five poor women.
