                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            11
      Here is a long passage-what an enormous perspective I make of it!-
   leading from Peggotty's kitchen to the front-door. A dark store-room
   opens out of it, and that is a place to be run past at night ; for I don't
  know what may be among those tubs and jars and old tea-chests, when
  there is nobody in there with a dimly-burning light, letting a mouldy air
  come out at the door, in which there is the smell of soap, pickles, pepper,
   candles, and coffee, all at one whiff. Then there are the two parlors : the
  parlor in which we sit of an evening, my mother and I and Peggotty-
  for Peggotty is quite our companion, when her work is done and we are
  alone-and the best parlor where we sit on a Sunday ; grandly, but not
  so comfortably. There is something of a doleful air about that room to
  me, for Peggotty has told me-I don't know when, but apparently ages
  go-about myfather's funera1,and the company having their black cloaks put
  on. One Sunday night my mother reads to Peggotty and me in there,
  how Lazarus was raised up from the dead. And I am so frightened that
  they are afterwards obliged to take me out of bed, and shew me the quiet
  churchyard out of the bedroom window, with the dead all lying in their
  graves at rest, below the solemn moon.
     There is nothing half so green that I know anywhere, as the grass of
  that churchyard ; nothing half so shady as its trees ; nothing half so quiet
  as its tombstones. The sheep are feeding there, when I kneel up, early
 in the morning, in my little bed in a closet within my mother's room, to
 look out at it ; and I see the red light shining on the sun-dial, and think
 within myself, cc I s the sun-dial glad, I wonder, that it can tell the time
 again ? "
     Here is our pew in the church. What a high-backed pew! With a
 window near it, out of which our house can be seen, and is seen many
 times during the morning's service, by Peggotty, who likes to make her-
 self as sure as she can that it's not being robbed, or is not in flames.
 But though Peggotty's eye wanders, she is much offended if mine does,
 and frowns to me, as I stand upon the seat, that I am to look at the
 clergyman. But I can't always look at him-I know him without that
 white thing on, and I am afraid of his wondering why I stare so, and
perhaps stopping the service to enquire-and what am I to do? It's
a dreadful thing to gape, but I must do something. I look at my
mother, but she pretends not to see me.            I look at a boy in the
aisle, and he makes faces at me. I look at the sunlight coming in at
the open door through the porch, and there I see a stray sheep-I don't
mean a sinner, but mutton-half making up his mind to come into the
 church. I feel that if I looked at him any longer, I might be tempted
to say something out loud; and what would become of me then ! I
look up at the monumental tablets on the wall, and try to think of
Mr. Bodgers late of this parish, and what the feelings of Mrs. Bodgers must
have been, when affliction sore, long time Mr. Bodgers bore, and physi-
cians were in vain. I wonder whether they called in Mr. Chillip, and he
was in vain; and if so, how he likes to be reminded of it once a week.
I look from Mr. Chillip, in his Sunday neckcloth, to the pulpit;
and think what a good place it would be to play in, and what a castle
it would make, with another boy coming up the stairs to attack it, and
