               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Hopkins's voice ! When my thoughts go back, now, to that slow
agony of my youth, I wonder how much of the histories I invented
for such people hangs like a mist of fancy over well-remembered facts !
When I tread the old ground, I do not wonder that I seem to see and
pity, going on before me, an innocent romantic boy, making his imaginative
world out of such strange experiences and sordid things !




                             CHAPTER XII.
  LIKING LIFE ON M Y OWN ACCOUNT NO BETTER, I FORM A GREAT
                         RESOLUTION.

    IN due time, Mr. Micawber's petition was ripe for hearing; and that
gentleman was ordered to be discharged under the act, to my great joy.
His creditors were not implacable ; and Mrs. Micawber informed me that
even the revengeful bootmaker had declared in open court that he bore
him no malice, but that when money was owing to him he liked to be
paid. H e said he thought it was human nature.
    Mr. Micawber returned to the King's Bench when his case was over, as
 some fees were to be settled, and some formalities observed, before he
 could be actually released. The club received him with transport, and
held an harmonic meeting that evening in his honor ; while Mrs. Micawber
 and I had a lamb's fry in private, surrounded by the sleeping family.
    "On such an occasion I will give you, Master Copperfield," said
 Mrs. Micawber, "in a little more flip," for we had been having some
 already, " the memory of my papa and mama!'
    "Are they dead, ma'am ? " I enquired, after drinking the toast in a
wine-glass.
    " My mama departed this life," said Mrs. Micawber, " before
Mr. Micawber's difficulties commenced, or at least before they became
pressing. My papa lived to bail Mr. Micawber several times, and then
expired, regretted by a numerous circle."
    Mrs. Micawber shook her head, and dropped a pious tear upon the
twin who happened to be in hand.
    As I could hardly hope for a more favourable opportunity of putting a
question in which I had a near interest, I said to Mrs. Micawber :
    "May I ask, ma'am, what you and Mr. Micawber intend to do, now
that Mr. Micawber is out of his difficulties, and at liberty? Have you
settled yet ? "
    " My family," said Mrs. Micawber, who always said those two words
with an air, though I never could discover who came under the denomina-
tion, " my family are of opinion that Mr. Micawber should quit London,
and exert his talents in the country. Mr. Micawber is a man of great
talent, Master Copperfield."
    I said I was sure of that.
    " Of great talent," repeated Mrs. Micawber. " My family are of opinion,
that, with a little interest, something might be done for a man of his ability
 in the Custom House. The influence of my family being local, it is their
