448           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

saw Traddles (whom I had entrusted with the licence) asked for it, she
almost fainted, having been convinced that he would contrive to lose it,
or to have his pocket picked. Of Agnes laughing gaily ; and of Dora
being so fond of Agnes that she will not be separated from her, but still
keeps her hand.
   Of there being a breakfast, with abundance of things, pretty and sub-
stantial, to eat and drink, whereof I partake, as I should do in any
other dream, without the least perception of their flavor; eating and
drinking, as I may say, nothing but love and marriage, and no more
believing in the viands than in anything else.
   Of my making a speech in the same dreamy fashion, without having
an idea of what I want to say, beyond such as may be compre-
hended in the full conviction that I haven't said it. Of our being very
sociably and simply happy (always in a dream though); and of Jip's
having wedding cake, and its not agreeing with him afterwards.
   Of the pair of hired post-horses being ready, and of Dora's going away to
change her dress. Of my aunt and Miss Clarissa remaining with us; and
our walking in the garden ; and my aunt, who has made quite a speech
at breakfast touching Dora's aunts, being mightily amused with herself,
but a little proud of it loo.
   Of Dora's being ready, and of Miss Lavinia's hovering about her, loth
to lose the pretty toy that has given her so much pleasant occupation. Of
Dora's making a long series of surprised discoveries that she has forgotten
all sorts of little things ; and of everybody's running everywhere to
fetch them.
   Of their all closing about Dora, when at last she begins to say good-
bye, loolting, with their bright colors and ribbons, like a bed of flowers.
Of my darling being almost smothered among the flowers, and coming
out, laughing and crying both together, to my jealous arms.
   Of my wanting to carry Jip (who is to go along with us), and Dora's
saying no, that she must carry him, or else he'll think she don't like him
any more, now she is married, and will break his heart. Of our going,
arm in arm, and Dora stopping and looking back, and saying, " If I have
ever been cross or ungrateful to anybody, don't remember it ! " and
bursting into tears.
   Of her waving her little hand, and our going away once more. Of her
once more stopping, and looking back, and hurrying to Agnes, and giving
Agnes, above all the others, her last kisses and farewells.
   We drive away together, and I awake from the dream. I believe it at
last. I t is my dear, dear, little wife beside me, whom I love so well !
  Gc Are you happy now, you foolish boy? " says Dora, "and sure you
don't repent ? "

  I have stood aside to see the phantoms of those days go by me.
They are gone, and I resume the journey of my story.
