                                                 ADVERTISEMENTS.




                 ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
THEeconomy both in the cost and wear of this Umbrella has been fully
borne out by the experience of these last 18 months, and which can be
testified by sonie thousands of purchasers to whom they have given universal
satisfaction. They may be obtained of most Umbrella Dealers in the
United Kingdom, from 10s. 6d. each.
          W. & J. SANGSTER,Patentees, 140, Regent-street,
                                               94, Fleet-street,
                                               10, Royal Exchange.
                                 Warehouse, 75, Cheapside.
            CHEAP SILK UMBRELLAS, from 7s. each.
   The houses licensed for the manufacture of the Alpaca Umbrella,
wholesale, are                Messrs. J. & W. IZUTIER, 122, Gheapside.
                                                   ,,      3. MOStLAND & SON, 58, Eastcheap.
                                                     ,,     W A D D Z X G T O N & S O N S , 1, Coleman S t .

                                            E SPECIAL APPOINTMENT
                                                     The QUEEN,
                                                H. R. H. Prince Albert,
                                                   Queen Adelaide,
                                                 King Louis Philippe,
                                                        and the
                                                   Duchess of Kent.
    WATERPRQOFERS TO
       T H E QUEEN.                          O U D N E                        Y     S.     GREAT COATMAKERSTO
                                                                                              PRINCE ALBERT.

  The efforts of the Dondneys to overcome old fashioned prejudices having resulted in their obtaining the continued
patronage and unqualified approbation of the principal Sovereigns Royalty and Nobility of Europe; they henceforth
proudly point to this fact and say BEHOLD T ~ I TRIUXPR
                                                E        OP ~ b s f PAYMENTS
                                                                    ;        O V E ~T H E OLD CREDXTSYSTEM^ And
forgetnot, that,-To      de Chdap things must be Good.

  The Queens Victoria and Adelaide and the Royal and Noble Duchesses of Kent and Cambridge
Sutherland and Buccleuch, constantly wear ~oudney's'elegant negistered Cloak in a variety cf Waterproof
materials for Winter Wraps and the Promenade.-" Every Lady should see these graceful Barments:, (Tide Morning
Post, Sep. 2 6 U . ) They surpass all others as School Cloaks for the Sons and Daughter..
  For Gentlemen.-The Royal Registered Cloak as made for H.R H . PrinceAlbert the Nobility the Army
and Navy, and all who study comfort coupled with a truiy Gentlemanly exterior. These cloa$s are by thosl
who understand the matter, 6 L 'J!he) most sensible GIarment ever introduoedp at prioes to suit all
customers from the Superb down to the useful Guinea Cloak.

  Rabit Makers by Special Appointment to Queen Victoria, and the Ladies of
the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas.
  The mew Patent Belt for Xiding orgeneral exercise, the only really effectual protection against rupture,
thesupport commencingat thebottona edgeof the belt, and producing an uniform upward pressure. They may be enlarged
or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce indigestion either in Ladies or Gentlemen. They
are attached to Drawers with excellent effect. The most eminent of the Faculty are recommending these i n preference
to all others.
  LXVERLES. Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                    Ready Money does i t 0 1 and a very extensive
practice among families of first distinction insures satisfactory results.

   Waterproof Zrish Poplin.-The                      DOUDNEYS                  are the sole manufacturers of this beautiful
article to H E R MAJESTY AND T H E PRINCE CONSORT.                    Gentlemen's Coats, Ladies' Cloaks, and lengths for
Dresses can be obtarned only at the11 Establishments,

  CELEBRATrD      17 O L D B O N D STREET,
                            )Extending into BURLINGTON ARCADE, (No. 25,) and at

                  49, LOMBARD s:E:~J;. 1784.
                      Ladies and Gentlemen i n the Countrg should sendfor a book afdetaik,
