88            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    What meals I had in silence and embarrassment, always feeling that
there were a knife and fork too many, and that mine; an appetite too
many, and that mine ; a plate and chair too many, and those mine ; a
 somebody too many, and that I !
   What evenings, when the candles came, and I was expected to employ
myself, but, not daring to read an entertaining book, pored over some
hard-headed, harder-hearted treatise on arithmetic ; when the tables of
weights and measures set themselves to tunes, as Rule Britannia, or Away
with Melancholy; and wouldn't stand still to be learnt, but would go
threading my grandmother's needle through my unfortunate head, in at
one ear and out at the other !
   What yawns and dozes I lapsed into, in spite of all my care ; what starts
I came out of concealed sleeps with; what answers I never got, to little
observations that I rarely made; what a blank space I seemed, which
everybody overlooked, and yet was in everybody's way; what a heavy
relief it was to hear Miss Murdstone hail the first stroke of nine at night,
and order me to bed !
   Thus the holidays lagged away, until the morning came when Miss
Murdstone said : "Here's the last day off! " and gave me the closing cup
of tea of the vacation.
   I was not sorry to go. I had lapsed into a stupid state; but I was
recovering a little and looking forward to Steerforth, albeit Mr. Creakle
loomed behind him. Again Mr. Barkis appeared at the gate, and again
Miss Murdstone in her warning voice said : " Clara ! " when my mother
bent over me, to bid me farewell.
   I kissed her, and my baby brother, and was very sorry then; but not
sorry to go away, for the gulf between us was there, and the parting was
there, every day. And it is not so much the embrace she gave me, that
lives in my mind, though it was as fervent as could be, as what followed
the embrace.
   I was in the carrier's cart when I heard her calling to me. I looked
out, and she stood at the garden-gate alone, holding her baby up in her
arms for me to see. I t was cold still weather; and not a hair of her head,
or a fold of her dress, was stirred, as she looked intently at me, holding up
                                                                        -   -
her child.
   So I lost her. So I saw her afterwards, in my sleep at school-a
silent presence near my bed-looking at me with the same intent face-
holding up her baby in her arms.



                             CHAPTER IX.
                   I HAVE A MEMORABLE BIRTHDAY.

   I PASS over all that happened at school, until the anniversary of my
birthday came round in March. Except that Steerforth was more to be
admired than ever, I remember nothing. H e was going away at the end
of the half-year, if not sooner, and was more spirited and independent than
before in my eyes, and therefore more engaging than before ; but beyond
this I remember nothing. The great remembrance by which that time is
