                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           515
    He was more affected by this act of kindness, than I had ever seen
 him affected by anything since the night she went away. My aunt and I
 did not attempt to disturb him.
    " I t was a little cottage, you may suppose," he said, presently, " but
 she found space for Em'ly in it,-her husband was away at sea,-and she
 kep it secret, and prevailed upon such neighbours as she had (they was not
 many near) to keep it secret too. Em'ly was took bad with fever, and,
 what is very strange to me is,-maybe 'tis not so strange to scholars,
 -the language of that country went out of her head, and she could only
 speak her own, that no one unnerstood. She recollects, as if she had
 dreamed it, that she lay there, always a talking her own tongue, always
 believing as the old boat was round the next pint in the bay, and begging
 and imploring of 'em to send theer and tell how she was dying, and bring
back a message of forgiveness, if it was on'y a mured. A'most the
whole time, she thowt,-now, that him as I made mention on just now was
lurking for her uunerneath the winder: now that him as had brought
her to this was in the room,-and cried to the good young woman not to
give her up, and know'd, at the same time, that she couldn't unnerstand,
and dreaded that she must be took away. Likewise the fire was afore
her eyes, and the roarings in her ears; and there was no to-day, nor
yesterday, nor yet to-morrow; but everything in her life as ever had been,
or as ever could be, and everything as never had been, and as never could be,
was a crowding on her all at once, and nothing clear nor welcome, and
yet she sang and laughed about it ! How long this lasted, I doen't know;
but then there come a sleep ; and in that sleep, from being a many times
stronger than her own self, she fell into the weakness of thelittlest child."
    Here he stopped, as if for relief from the terrors of his own description.
After being silent for a few moments, he pursued his story.
    " I t was a pleasant arternoon when she awoke; and so quiet, that
there warn't a sound but the rippling of that blue sea without a tide, upon
the shore. I t was her belief, at first, that she was at home upon a Sun-
day morning; but, the vine leaves as she see at the winder, and the hills
beyond, warn't home, and contradicted of her. Then, come in her friend
to watch alongside of her bed; and then she know'd as the old boat
warn't round that next pint in the hay no more, but was fur off; and know'd
where she was, and why; and broke out a crying on that good young
woman's bosom, wheer I hope her baby is a lying now, a cheering of her
with its pretty eyes ! "
    H e could not speak of this good friend of Emily's without a flow of
tears. I t was in vain to try. He broke down again, endeavouring to
bless her !
    "That done my Em'ly good," he resumed, after such emotion as I
could not behold without sharing in; and as to my aunt, she wept with
all her heart ; " that done Em'ly good, and she begun to mend. But, the
language of that country was quite gone from her, and she was forced to
make signs. So she went on, getting better from day to day, slow, but
sure, and trying to learn the names of common things-names as she seemed
never to have heerd in all her life-till one evenlng come, when she was
 a setting at her window, looking at a little girl at play upon the beach.
 And of a sudden this child held out her hand, and said, what ulould be in
 English, ' Fisherman's daughter, here 'S a shell ! '--for you are to unner-
                                                            L    L   ~
