5438          THX PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    The look of penetration with which Mrs. Micawber announced this dis-
 covery, as if no one had ever thought of it before, seemed rather to
 astonish my aunt ; who abruptly replied, " Well, ma'am, upon the whole,
 I shouldn't wonder if you were right ! "
    "Mr. Micawber being now on the eve of casting off the pecuniary
 shackles that have so long enthralled him," said Mrs. Micawber, "and of
commencing a new career in a country where there is sufficient range for
his abilities,-which, in my opinion, is exceedingly important ; Mr. Micaw-
ber's abilities peculiarly requiring space,-it seems to me that my family
should signalise the occasion by coming forward. What I could wish to
see, would be a meeting between Mr. Micawber and my family at a
festive entertainment, to be given at my family's expence; where Mr.
Micawber's health and prosperity beingproposed, by some leading member
of my family, Mr. Micawber might have an opportunity of developing
his views."
   "My dear," said Mr. Micawber, with some heat, "it may be better for
me to state distinctly, at once, that if I were to develop my views to that
assembled group, they would possibly be found of an offensive nature:
my impression being that your family are, in the aggregate, impertinent
Snobs ; and, in detail, unmitigated Ruffians."
    " Micawber," said Mrs. Micawber, shaking her head, "no ! You have
never understood them, and they have never understood you."
   Mr. Micawber coughed.
    " They have never understood you, Micawber," said his wife.     " They
may be incapable of it. If so, that is their misfortune. I can pity their
misfortune."
    " I am extremely sorry, my dear Emma," said Mr. Micawber, relenting,
 "to have been betrayed into any expressions that might, even remotely,
 have the appearance of being strong expressions. All I would say, is,
that I can go abroad without your family coming forward to favor me,-in
short, with a parting Shove of their cold shoulders ; and that, upon the
whole, I would rather leave England with such impetus as I possess, than
derive any acceleration of it from that quarter. At the same time, my
dear, if they should condescend to reply to your communications-which
our joint experience renders most improbable-far be it from me to be a
barrier to your wishes."
   The matter being thus amicably settled, Mr. Micawber gave Mrs. Micaw-
ber his arm, and, glancing at the heap of books and papers lying before
Traddles on the table, said they would leave us to ourselves ; which they
ceremoniously did.
   "My dear Copperfield," said Traddles, leaning back in his chair when
they were gone, and looking at me with an affection that made his eyes
red, and his hair all kinds of shapes, " I don't make any excuse for
troubling you with business, because I know you are deeply interested
in it, and it may divert your thoughts. My dear boy, I hope you are
not worn out ? "
   "I am quite myself," said I, after a pause. "We have more cause
to think of my aunt than of any one. You know how much she has
done."
   " Surely, surely," answered Traddles. "Who can forget it ! "
