                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                            CHAPTER 111.
                           I HATE A CHANGE.
    THEcarrier's horse was the laziest horse in the world, I should hope,
and shuffled along, with his head down, as if he liked to keep the people
waiting to whom the packages were directed. I fancied, indeed, that he
 sometimes chuckled audibly over this reflection, but the carrier said he
was only troubled with a cough.
    The carrier had a way of keeping his head down, like his horse, and of
drooping sleepily forward as he drove, with one of his arms on each of his
knees. I say "drove," but it struck me that the cart would have gone
to Yarmouth quite as well without him, for the horse did all that ; and as
to conversation, he had no idea of it but whistling.
    Peggotty had a basket of refreshments on her knee, which would
have lasted us out handsomely, if we had been going to London by the
same conveyance. We ate a good deal, and slept a good deal. Peggotty
always went to sleep with her chin upon the handle of the basket, her
hold of which never relaxed; and I could not have believed unless I had
heard her do it, that one defenceless woman could have snored so
much.
   We made so many deviations up and down lanes, and were such a
long time delivering a bedstead at a public-house, and calling at other
places, that I was quite tired, and very glad, when we saw Yarmouth.
I t looked rather spongey and soppy, I thought, as I carried my eye
over the great dull waste that lay across the river; and I could not
help wondering, if the world were really as round as my geography-
book said, how any part of it came to be so flat. But I reflected that
Yarmouth might be situated at one of the poles; which would account
for it.
    As we drew a little nearer, and saw the whole adjacent prospect lying
a straight low line under the sky, I hinted to Peggotty that a mound
 or so might have improved i t ; and also that if the land had been a little
 more separated from the sea, and the town and the tide had not been
 quite so much mixed up, like toast and water, it would have been nicer.
 But Peggotty said, with greater emphasis than usual, that we must take
 things as we found them, and that, for her part, she was proud to call
 herself a Yarmouth Bloater.
    When we got into the street (which was strange enough to me), and
 smelt the fish, and pitch, and oakum, and tar, and saw the sailors
 walking about, and the carts jingling up and down over the stones, I felt
 that I had done so busy a place an injustice ; and said as much to Peg-
 gotty, who heard my expressions of delight with great complacency, and
 told me it was well known (I suppose to those who had the good fortune
