                                        ADVERTISEMENTS.
        - - ~    ~        ~    -----~- ..                          ~. .-




INSTANT R E L I E F AND A R A P I D CURE O F ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION,
   COUGHS, COLDS, AND ALL DISORDERS O F T H E BREATH AND LUNGS,
                                             ARE   INSURED    BY


DR. LOCOCK'S P U L M O N I C W A F E R S .
   .*+iVn%allbooks, containing ma%yhuadreds of properly authenticated Testimonials, may be
                                   had from every Agent.
        Important Testimonials.                       I   Cure of a Fourteen Years' Asthmatic
                                                                        Cough.
          Mr. W. J. Cooper, Surgeon, Canterbury,                                                 Nov. 3, 1848.
                   Medical Hall, Jan. 1, 1845.
                                                            I, Thomas Carter, Egremont, Cheshire, had a n
  Gentlemen,-Having heard your Wafers very highly         asthmatic cough for fourteen years i nothing ever
spoken of by several persons who had taken them           gave me rehef until I commencedtaklng Dr. Locock's
with decided benefit I have recommended them in           Pulmonlc Wafers, three boxes of which have entlrely
several cases of coniirmed asthma, and their good         cured me.
effects have been truly astonishing. I now recom-                      (Signed)         TEOMAS CARTER.
mend them in all obstinate cases.                           Witness, Mr. Geo. H. Howell,
            (Signed)      W. J. COOPER, Surgeon.                Chemlst, Dale-street, Llverpool.
   TO SINGERS AND PUBLIC SPEAKERS they are invaluable, as in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
   They have a pleasant taste. Price 1s. l&d., 2s. 9d., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS: DA SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.




                              P R I C E , Is. Ihd., 2s. gd., and 11s. per box.
                        The only medicine recommended to be
                                 taken b y Females !




                         OBSERVE.-There are various Counterfeit Medtkiaes,
                          having words on the Stamp so NEARLY RESEMBLING
                          THESE, as to mislead the unwary. Purchasers
                          must therefore s t ~ i c t l yobserve the above Caution.
                          Prepared only by the Proprietor's Agents, DA SILVA & CO.,
                        1, Bride Lane, Fleet St, Lorrdon. Sold by all MedicineVendors.


                     DR. LOCOCK'S FEMALE WAFERS
FORTIFY the CONSTITUTION           at all PERIODS of LIFE, and I N ALL
NERVOUS AFFECTIONS act like a Charm. They remove BEAVINESS, FATIGUE
ON SLIGRT EXEBTION, PALPITATION OF THE REART, LOWNESS O F
SPIBITS, WEAXNESS, and ALLAY PAIN.
   They create Appetite, and remove INDIGESTION, HEABT-BURN, WIND,
HEAD-ACHES, GIDDINESS, &as
   In HYSTERICAL DISEASES, a proper perseverance in the use of this Medicine
will be found to effect a cure after all other means have failed.
                           "*, Full Directions are given with evey Box.
     NOTE.-These Wafers do not contain any Mineral, and may be taken either dissolved in water,
or whole.
