 592            TIlE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 fession. Still, I must say, they are very severe, sir : both as to this life
 and the next."
     "The next will be regulated without much reference to them, I dare
 say," I returned : " what are they doing as to this ? "
     Mr. Chillip shook his head, stirred his negus, and sipped it.
     " She was a charming woman, sir ! " he observed in a plaintive manner.

     " The present Mrs. Murdstone ? "
     " A charming woman indeed, sir," said Mr. Chillip ; "as amiable, I am
 sure, as it was possible to be ! Mrs. Chillip's opinion is, that her spirit
 has been entirely broken since her marriage, and that she is all but
 melancholy mad. And the ladies," observed Mr. Chillip, timorously, "are
 great observers, sir."
    "I suppose she was to be subdued and broken to their detestable
mould, Heaven help her ! " said I. " And she has been."
    " Well, sir, there were violent quarrels at first, I assure you," said Mr.
 Chillip ; "but she is quite a shadow now. Would it be considered forward
if I was to say to you, sir, in confidence, that since the sister came to
help, the brother and sister between them have nearly reduced her to a
state of imbecility."
    I told him I could easily believe it.
    " I have no hesitation in saying," said Mr. Chillip, fortifying himself
with another sip of negus, "between you and me, sir, that her mother
died of it-or that tyranny, gloom, and worry, have made Mrs. Murd-
stone nearly imbecile. She was a, lively young woman, sir, before marriage,
and their gloom and austerity destroyed her. They go about with her,
now, more like her keepers than her husband and sister-in-law. That was
Mrs. Chillip's remark to me, only last week. And I assure you, sir, the
ladies are great observers. Mrs. Chillip herself is a great observer ! "
    "Does he gloomily profess to be (I am ashamed to use the word in
such association) religious still? " I inquired.
    "You anticipate, sir," said Mr. Chillip, his eyelids getting quite red
with the unwonted stimulus in which he was indulging. " One of Mrs.
Chillip's most impressive remarks. Mrs. Chillip," he proceeded, in the
calmest and slowest manner, " quite electrified me, by pointing out that
Mr. Murdstone sets up an image of himself, and calls it the Divine Nature.
You might have knocked me down on the flat of my back, sir, with t,he
feather of a pen, I assure you, when Mrs. Chillip said so. The ladies are
great observers, sir ? "
    "Intuitively," said I, to his extreme delight.
    " I am very happy to receive such support in my opinion, sir," he
rejoined. " I t is not often that I venture to give a non-medical opinion,
I assure you. Mr. Murdstone delivers public addresses sometimes, and
it is said,-in short, sir, it is said hg Mrs. Chillip,-that the darker tyrant
he has lately been, the more ferocious is his doctrine."
    " I believe Mrs. Chillip to be perfectly right," said I.

    " Mrs. Chillip does go so far as to say," pursued the meekest of little
 men, much encouraged, "that what such people miscall their religion, is a
 vent for their bad-humors and arrogance. And do you know I must
 say, sir," he continued, mildly laying his head on one side, "that I don't
 find authority for &fr. and Miss Murdstone in the New Testament ? "
