                         OF DAVID COPPEEFIELD.                          287
   "   And Mrs. Micawber ? " I pursued.
   "   Sir," said Mr. Micawber, " she is also, thank God, in statu quo."
     " And the children, Mr. Micawber ? "
     " Sir," said Mr. Micawber, " I rejoice to reply that they are, likewise,
 in the enjoyment of salubrity."
    All this time, Mr. Micawber had not known me in the least, though he
 had stood face to face with me. But, now, seeing me smile, he examined
 my features with more attention, fell back, cried, " I s it possible ! Have
 I the pleasure of again beholding Copperfield ! " and shook me by both
 hands with the utmost fervor.
     " Good Heaven, Mr. Traddles ! " saidMr. Micawber, "to think that I

 should find you acquainted with the friend of my youth, the companion of
 earlier days ! My dear! " calling over the bannisters to Mrs. Micawber,
 while Traddles looked (with reason) not a little amazed at this description
 of me. " Here is a gentleman in Mr. Traddles's apartment, whom he
 wishes to have the pleasure of presenting to you, my love ! "
    Mr. Micawber immediately reappeared, and shook hands with me
 again.
     " And how is our good friend the Doctor, Copperfield? " said Mr. Mi-

 cawber, " and all the circle at Canterbury ? "
    " I have none but good accounts of them," said I.
    " I am most delighted to hear it," said Mr. Micawber. " I t was at
 Canterbury where we last met. Within the shadow, I may figuratively
 say, of that religious edifice, immortalized by Chaucer, which was anciently
 the resort of Pilgrims from the remotest corners of-in          short," said
 Mr. Micawber, "in the immediate neighbourhood of the Cathedral."
     I replied that it was. Mr. Micawber continued talking as volubly as
 he could; but not, I thought, without showing, by some marks of concern
 in his countenance, that he was sensible of sounds in the next room, as
 of Mrs. Micawber washing her hands, and hurriedly opening and shutting
 drawers that were uneasy in their action.
    "You find us, Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, with one eye on
 Traddles, "at present established, on what may be designated as a small and
unassuming scale; but, you are aware that I have, in the course of my career,
surmounted difficulties, and conquered obstacles. You are no stranger to
the fact, that there have been periods of my life, when it has been requisite
that I should pause, until certain expected events should turnup ; when it
has been necessary that I should fall back, before making what I trust I
shall not be accused of presumption in terming-a spring. The present
is one of those momentous stages in the life of man. You find me, fallen
back, for a spring; and I have every reason to believe that a vigorous
leap will shortly be the result."
    I was expressing my satisfaction, when Mrs. Micawber came in ; a
little more slatternly than she used to be, or so she seemed now, to my
unaccustomed eyes, but still with some preparation of herself for company,
and with a pair of brown gloves on.
    " My dear," said Mr. Micawber, leading her towards me. " Here is
a gentleman of the name of Copperfield, who wishes to renew his
acquaintance with you."
   I t would have been better, as it turned out, to have led gently up to
his announcement, for Mrs. Micawber, being in a delicate state of health,
