                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  cc    This is Mr. Micawber," said Mr. Quinion to me.
    &lt;' Ahem !" said the stranger, cc that is my name."
    c c Mr. Micawber," said Mr. Quinion, " is known to Mr. Murdstone.
H e takes orders for us on commission, when he can get any. H e has
been written to by Mr. Murdstone, on the subject of your lodgings, and
he will receive you as a lodger."
    I c My address," said Mr. Micawber, "is Windsor Terrace, City Road.

I-in       short," said Mr. Micawber, with the same genteel air, and in
another burst of confidence-" I live there."
    I made him a bow.
        Under the impression," said Mr. Micawber, that your peregrinations
in this metropolis have not as yet been extensive, and that you might have
some difficulty in penetrating the arcana of the Modern Babylon in the direc-
tion of the City Road-in short," said Mr. Micawber, in another burst of
confidence, " that you might lose yourself-I shall be happy to call this
evening, and install you in the knowledge of the nearest way."
    I thanked him with all my heart, for it was friendly in him to offer to
take that trouble.
    cc At what hour," said Mr. Micawber, " shall I -"
     c c At about eight," said Mr. Quinion.
     I CAt about eight," said Mr. Micawber.      I beg to wish you good day,
Mr. Quinion. I will intrude no longer."
     So he put on his hat, and went out with his cane under his arm: very
upright, and humming a tune when he was clear of the counting-house.
     Mr. Quinion then formally engaged me to be as useful as I could in
the warehouse of Murdstone and Grinby, at a salary, I think, of six shil-
lings a week. I am not clear whether it was six or seven. I am inclined
to believe, from my uncertainty on this head, that it was six at first and
seven afterwards. He paid me a week down (from his own pocket, I
 believe), and I gave Mealy sixpence out of it to get my trunk carried to
Windsor Terrace at night: it being too heavy for my strength, small as
it was. I paid sixpence more for my dinner, which was a meat pie and a
turn at a neighbouring pump ; and passed the hour which was allowed for
that meal, in walking about the streets.
     At the appointed time in the evening, Mr. Micawber reappeared. I
washed my hands and face, to do the greater honour to his gentility, and
we walked to our house, as 1 suppose I must now call it, together;
 Mr. Micawber impressing the names of streets, and the shapes of corner
 houses upon me, as we went along, that I might find my way back,
easily, in the morning.
     Arrived at his house in Windsor Terrace (which I noticed was shabby
like himself, but also, like himself, made all the show it could), he pre-
 sented me to Mrs. Micawber, a thin and faded lady, not at all young, who
 was sitting in the parlor (the first floor was altogether unfurnished, and
 the blinds were kept down to delude the neighbours), with a baby at her
 breast. This baby was one of twins; and I may remark here that I
hardly ever, in all my experience of the family, saw both the twins detached
 from Mrs. Micawber at the same time. One of them was always taking-
 refreshment.
    There were two other children; Master Micawber, aged about four,
 and Miss Micawber, aged about three. These, and a dark-complexioned
                                                                 I
