580          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AXD EXPERIENCE

more, and roused my utmost energies to do it well. This was my third
work of fiction. I t was not half written, when, in an interval of rest, I
thought of returning home.
    For a long time, though studying and working patiently, I had accus-
tomed myself to robust exercise. My health, severely impaired when I left
England, was quite restored. I had seen much. I had been in many
countries, and I hope I had improved my store of knowledge.
    I have now recalled all that I think it needful to recal here, of this
term of absence-with one reservation. I have made it, thus far, with
no purpose of suppressing any of my thoughts ; for, as I have elsewhere
said, this narrative is my written memory. I have desired to keep the
most secret current of my mind apart, and to the last. I enter on
it now.
    I cannot so completely penetrate the mystery of my own heart, as to
know when I began to think that I might have set its earliest and brightest
hopes on Agnes. I cannot say at what stage of my grief it first became
 associated with the reflection, that, in my w a y ~ a r dboyhood, I had
thrown away the treasure of her love. I believe I may have heard some
whisper of that distant thought, in the old unhappy loss or want of
 something never to be realised, of which I had been sensible. But the
thought came into my mind as a new reproach and new regret, when I
 was left so sad and lonely in the world.
    If, at that time, I had been much with her, I should, in the weak-
 ness of my desolation, have betrayed this. I t was what I remotely
 dreaded when I was first impelled to stay away from England. I could
 not have borne to lose the smallest portion of her sisterly affection;
 yet, in that betrayal, I should have set a constraint between us hitherto
 unknown.
     I could not forget that the feeling with which she now regarded
 me had grown up in my own free choice and course. That if she had
 ever loved me with another love-and I sometimes thought the time was
 when she might have done so-I had cast it away. I t was nothing, now,
 that I had accustomed myself to think of her, when we were both mere
 children, as one who was far removed from my wild fancies. I had
 bestowed my passionate tenderness upon another object; and what I
 might have done, I had not done; and what Agnes was to me, I and her
 own noble heart had made her.
     I n the beginning of the change that gradually worked in me, when I
 tried to get a better understanding of myself and be a better man, I did
 glance, through some indefinite probation, to a period when I might pos-
 sibly hope to cancel the mistaken past, and to be so blessed as to marry
 her. But, as time wore on, this shadowy prospect faded, and departed
 from me. If she had ever loved me, then, I should hold her the more
  sacred; remembering the confidences I had reposed in her, her knowledge
  of my errant heart, the sacrifice she must have made to be my friend and
  sister, and the victory she had won. If she had never lovecl me, could I
  believe that she would love me now?
     I had always felt my weakness, in comparison with her constancy and
  fortitude ; and now I felt it more and more. Whatever I might have been
  to her, or she to me, if I had been inore worthy of her long ago, I was
