618           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

A young man, a farm-laborer, as come by us on his way to market with
hls mas'r's drays-a journey of over five hundred mile, theer and back-
made offers fur to take her fur his wife (wives is very scarce theer), and
then to set up fur their two selves in the Bush. She spoke to me fur to
tell him her trem story. I did. They was married, and they live fower
hundred mile away froin any voices but their own and the singing birds."
   " Mrs. Gummidge? " I suggested.

   I t was a pleasant key to touch, for Mr. Peggotty suddenly burst into a
roar of laughter, and rubbed his hands up and down his legs, as he had
been accustomed to do when he enjoyed himself in the long-shipwrecked
boat.
   " Would you believe it ! " he said.    "Why, someun even made offers
fur to marry her! If a ship's cook that was turning settler, Mas'r Davy,
didn't make offers fur to marry Missis Gummidge, I 'm Gormed-and I
can't say no fairer than that ! "
   I never saw dgnes laugh so. This sudden ecstacy on the part of Mr.
Peggotty was so delightful to her, that she could not leave off laughing;
and the more she laughed the more she made me laugh, and the greater
Mr. Peggotty's ecstacy became, and the more he rubbed his legs.
   "And what did Mrs. Gummidge say?" 1 asked, when I was grave
enough.
    " If you 'l1 believe me," returned Mr. Peggotty, " Missis Gummidge,
'stead of saying ' thank you, I 'm much obleeged to yon, I ain't a going fur
to change my condition at my time of life,' up'd with a bucket as was
standing by, and laid it over that theer ship's cook's head 'till he sung
out for help, and I went in and reskied of him."
   Mr. Peggotty burst into a great roar of laughter, and Agnes and I both
kept him company.
    "But I must say this, for the good creetur," he resumed, wiping his
face when we were quite exhausted ; " she has been all she said she 'd
be to us, and more. She 'S the willingest, the trewest, the honestest-
helping woman, Mas'r Davy, as ever draw'd the breath of life. I have
never know'd her to he lone and lorn, for a single minute, not even when
the colony was all afore us, and we was new to it. And thinking of the
old'un is a thing she never done, I do assure you, since she left
England ! "
   " Now, last, not least, Mr. Micawber," said I.   " H e has paid off every
obligation he incurred here-even to Traddles's bill, you remember, my
dear Agnes-and therefore we may take it for granted that he is doing
well. But what is the latest news of him ? "
   Mr. Peggotty, with a smile, put his hand in his breast-pocket, and
produced a flat-folded, paper parcel, from which he took out, with much
care, a little odd-looking newspaper.
   "You are to unnerstan', Mas'r Davy," said he, "as we have left the
Bush now, being so well to do ; and have gone right away round to Port
Middlebay Harbor, wheer theer 'S what u;e call a town."
   " Mr. Micawber was in the Bush near you? " said I.
    " Bless you, yes," said Mr. Peggotty, "and turned to with a will. I
never wish to meet a better gen'lman for turning to, with a will. I've
seen that theer bald head of his, a perspiring in the sun, Mas'r Davy,
