144            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   '&lt; I don't know anything about it," said my aunt, shaking her head.
" I can't say, I am sure. We shall see."
    My spirits sank under these words, and I became very downcast and
 heavy of heart. My aunt, without appearing to take much heed of me,
 put on a coarse apron with a bib, which she took out of the press ; washed
 up the teacups with her own hands; and, when everything was washed
 and set in the tray again, and the cloth folded and put on the top of
 the whole, rang for Janet to remove it. She next swept up the
 crumbs with a little broom (putting on a pair of gloves first), until
 there did not appear to be one microscopic speck left on the carpet; next
 dusted and arranged the room, which was dusted and arranged to a hair's
 breadth already. When all these tasks were performed to her satisfaction,
 she took off the gloves and apron, folded them up, put them in the parti-
 cular corner of the press from which they had been taken, brought out
 her work-box to her own table in the open window, and sat down, with
 the green fan between her and the light, to work.
   " I wish you'd go up stairs," said my aunt, as she threaded her needle,
 "and give my compliments to Mr. Dick, and I'll be glad to know how
he gets on with his Memorial."
   I rose with all alacrity, to acquit myself of this commission.
   " I suppose," said my aunt, eyeing me as narrowly as she had eyed

the needle in threading it, " you think Mr. Dick a short name, eh ? "
    " I thought it was rather a short name, yesterday," I confessed.

    " You are not to suppose that he hasn't got a longer name, if he chose
to use it," said my aunt, with a loftier air. "Babley-Mr. Richard
Babley-that 's the gentleman's true name."
   I was going to suggest, with a modest sense of my youth and the
familiarity I had been already guilty of, that I had better give him the
full benefit of that name, when my aunt went on to say:
   " But don't you call him by it, whatever you do.        H e can't bear his
name. That's a peculiarity of his. Though I don't know that it's
much of a peculiarity, either ; for he has been ill-used enough, by some that
bear it, to have a mortal antipathy for it, Heaven knows. Mr. Dick is his
name here, and everywhere else, now-if he ever went anywhere else, which
he don't. So take care, child, you don't call him anything 621t Mr. Dick."
   I promised to obey, and went up-stairs with my message ; thinking, as I
went, that if Mr. Dick had been working at his Memorial long, at the
same rate as I had seen him working at it, through the open door, when
I came down, he was probably getting on very well indeed. I found him
still driving at it with a long pen, and his head almost laid upon the
paper. He was so intent upon it, that I had ample leisure to observe the
large paper kite in a corner, the confusion of bundles of manuscript, the
number of pens, and, above all, the quantity of ink (which he seemed to have
in, in half-gallon jars by the dozen), before he observed my being present.
   " Ha ! Phcebus ! " said Mr. Dick, laying down his pen.         " How does
the world go ! I '11 tell you what," he added, in a lower tone, " I
shouldn't wish it to be mentioned, but it's a-"         here he beckoned to
me, and put his lips close to my ear-" it's a mad world. Mad as
Bedlam, boy ! " said Mr. Dick, taking snuff from a round box on the
table, and laughing heartily.
