410              T H E PERSONAL HISTORY AND E X P E R I E N C E

     "You will be going early in the morning, Trotwood. Let us say
 good bye, now ! "
    She had been weeping, but her face then was so calm and beautiful !
    '&lt; Heaven bless you ! " she said, giving me her hand.
    "Dearest Agnes! " I returned, " I see you ask me not to speak of
 to-night-but is there nothing to be done? "
    " There is God to trust in ! " she replied.

    " Can I do nothing--& who come to you with my poor sorrows ? "

    " And make mine so much lighter," she replied. " Dear Trotwood, no ! "

    "Dear Agnes," I said, "it is presumptuous for me, who am so poor
 in all in which you are so rich-goodness, resolation, all noble qualities-
 to doubt or direct you; but you know how much I love you, and how
 much I owe you. You will never sacrifice yourself to a mistaken sense
 of duty, Agnes ? "
    More agitated for a moment than I had ever seen her, she took her
 hand from me, and moved a step back.
    " Say you have no such thought, dear Agnes ! Much more than sister !

 Think of the priceless gift of such a heart as yours, of such a love
as yours ! "
    Oh ! long, long afterwards, I saw that face rise up before me, with its
momentary look, not wondering, not accusing, not regretting. Oh, long,
long afterwards, I saw that look subside, as it did now, into the lovely
smile, with which she told me she had no fear for herself-I need have
none for her-and parted from me by the name of Brother, and was
gone !
   I t was dark in the morning, when I got upon the coach at the inn
door. The day was just breaking when we were about to start, and then,
as I sat thinking of her, came struggling up the coach side, through the
mingled day and night, Uriah's head.
    " Copperfield ! " said he, in a croaking whisper, as he hung by the
iron on the roof, " I thought you'd be glad to hear before you went
off, that there are no squares broke between us. I've been into his room
already, and we 've made it all smooth. Why, though I ' m umble, I ' m
useful to him, you know; and he understands his interest when he isn't
in liquor ! What an agreeable man he is, after all, Master Copperfield !"
   I obliged myself to say that I was glad he had made his apology.
   " Oh, to be sure !" said Uriah. "When a person's umble, you know,
what's an apology ? So easy ! I say ! I suppose," with a jerk, " 71)u
have sometimes plucked a pear before it was ripe, Master Copperfield?
   " I suppose I have," I replied.
   "I did that last night," said Uriah ; "but it 'I1 ripen yet ! I t only
wants attending to. I can wait ! "
   Profuse in his farewells, he got down again as the coachman got up.
For anything I know, he was eating something to keep the raw morning
air out; but, he made motions with his mouth as if the pear were ripe
already, and he were smacking his lips over it.
