                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

which we used to go to church, and the changed air of the place. Again,
the dreaded Sunday comes round, and I file into the old pew first,
like a guarded captive brought to a condemned service. Again, Miss
Murdstone, in a black velvet gown, that looks as if it had been made
out of a pall, follows close upon me; then my mother; then her
 husband. There is no Peggotty now, as in the old time. Again, I listen
to Miss Murdstone mumbling the responses, and emphasising all the
 dread words with a cruel relish. Again, I see her dark eyes roll round the
church when she says "miserable sinners," as if she were calling all
the congregation names. Again, I catch rare glimpses of my mother,
moving her lips timidly between the two, with one of them muttering at
each ear like low thunder. Again, I wonder with a sudden fear whether
it is likely that our good old clergyman can be wrong, and Mr. and Miss
Murdstone right, and that all the angels in Heaven can be destroying angels.
Again, if I move a finger or relax a muscle of my face, Miss Murdstone
pokes me with her prayer-book, and makes my side ache.
   Yes, and again, as we walk home, I note some neighbours looking at my
mother, and at me, and whispering. Again, as the three go on arm-in-arm,
and I linger behind alone, I follow some of those looks, and wonder if my
mother's step be really not so light as I have seen it, and if the gaiety of
her beauty be really almost worried away. Again, I wonder whether any
of the neighbours call to mind, as I do, how we used to walk home
together, she and I; and I wonder stupidly about that, all the dreary
dismal day.
   There had been some talk on occasions of my going to boarding-
school. Mr. and Miss Murdstone had originated it, and my mother had
of course agreed with them. Nothing, however, was concluded on the
subject yet. I n the meantime, I learnt lessons at home.
   Shall I ever forget those lessons ! They were presided over nominally
by my mother, but really by Mr. Murdstone and his sister, who were always
present, and found them a favourable occasion for giving my mother
lessons in that miscalled firmness, which was the bane of both our lives.
I believe I was kept at home, for that purpose. I had been apt enough to
learn, and willing enough, when my mother and I had lived alone together.
I can faintly remember learning the alphabet at her knee. To this day,
when I look upon the fat black letters in the primer, the puzzling novelty
of their shapes, and the easy good-nature of 0 and Q and S, seem to
present themselves again before me as they used to do. But they recall no
feeling of disgust or reluctance. On the contrary, I seem to have walked
along a path of flowers as far as the crocodile-book, and to have been
cheered by the gentleness of my mother's voice and manner all the way.
But these solemn lessons which succeeded those, I remember as the death-
blow at my peace, and a grievous daily drudgery and misery. They were
very long, very numerous, very hard-perfectly unintelligible, some of
them, to me-and I was generally as much bewildered by them as I
believe my poor mother was herself.
   Let me remember how it used to be, and bring one morning back
again.
   I come into the second-best parlor after breakfast, with my books,
and an exercise-book, and a slate. My mother is ready for me at her
