11-      This day is published, price 2s. Bd., man, gilt edges,
                                                                                          -l -
                             PUNCH'S
 I     POCKET-BOOK
                                    FOR1850.
             WITH A COLOURED FRONTISPIECE ON STEEL,
                                (COMMUNISM                ;)
                              AND OTHER ILLUSTRATIONS,

      BY JOHN LEECH, RICHARD DOYLE, 62. H. K.BROWNE.

                             CONTENTS :-FIRST           PART.
      THE STATE.-                              I LAW.-
         The Royal Family-Sovereigns of
         Europe-The       Queen's Ministers--
         Officersof State in Scotland-Officers      -Law Terms and Returns-Allow-
         of State in Ireland-The       Queen's
         Household-Ambassadors and Min-
        isters abroad- Ambassadors and
         Ministers in England-Lords Lieu-
         tenant of England &c.-Government
         Officesand ~ f f i c e & .              TAXES AND MISCELLANEOUS.-
      THE LEGISLATURE.-                             Asseqsed Taxes-Commercial and
                                                    other Stamps-Post and T r a n s i t
        The House of Peers-Peeresses--               Coach and Cab Fares-Tide Table
         Officersof the House of Peers-The          -Table    to find High Water-
         House of Commons-Alphabetical              Eclipses-General    Notes for the
        List of the Commons-Officers of             Year-Table to calculate the Jn-
        the House of Commons.                       come-Tar-Public     Amusements-
                                                    Abstract of the Health of Towns
      COMMERCE.-                                    Act-Residences of the Foreign Am-
        The City Corporation-East India             bassadors-Calendar-Cash   Account
        Company - Bank of England-                  -Diary and Memoranda-Solar In-
        Bankers in London-Army and                  gresses-Tableto calculatePayments
        Navy Agents-The Public Funds.              -Marketing Table-Public Offices.

                                    SECOND PART.
      The Heir of Mortlake; or, the Fatal          Yarn-An        Emigrant's Letter-
         Name-Who do Yon think will look           Hopes and Fears on Paying Taxes
         a t You ?-Fancies i n a n Omnibus-        -A Hard Case of Eggs and Bacon-
         The Bill-The Inconveniences of a          Lessons for Old and Young-Para-
         Ground Floor-The Music of Mind            graphs for a few Millions of our
         -The Brazen Knocker; or, the Lost         Readers-A Family of Lord Chan-
         Clerk-Enigma-Society       for the        cellors-How the Hospitable Briggs
         Discouragement of Punning-The             secured the best Cuts-The Swoop
         Sentiment of Trade-A String of            of the Night Hawk-Wholesome
         Pearls from a Barrel of Oysters-          Superstitions.
         The Bachelor's Housekeeper-A
