140           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

turned the current of her ideas in a moment, and she was upon him straight.
Jugs of water, and watering pots, were kept in secret places ready to be
discharged on the offending boys ; sticks were laid in ambush behind the
door; sallies were made at all hours; and incessant war prevailed.
Perhaps this was an agreeable excitement to the donkey-boys ; or perhaps
the more sagacious of the donkeys, understanding how the case stood,
delighted with constitutional obstinacy in coming that way. I only
know that there were three alarms before the bath was ready; and that
on the occasion of the last and most desperate of all, I saw my aunt
engage, single-handed, with a sandy-headed lad of fifteen, and bump his
sandy head against her own gate, before he seemed to comprehend
what was the matter. These interruptions were the more ridiculous to
me, because she was giving me broth out of a table-spoon at the time
(having firmly persuaded herself that I was actually starving, and must
receive nourishment at first in very small quantities), and, while my mouth
was yet open to receive the spoon, she would put it back into the basin,
cry " Janet ! Donkies ! " and go out to the assault.
   The bath was a great comfort. For I began to be sensible of acute
pains in my limbs from lying out in the fields, and was now so tired and
low that I could hardly keep myself awake for five minutes together.
When I had bathed, they (I mean my aunt and Janet) enrobed me in a
shirt and a pair of trowsers belonging to Mr. Dick, and tied me up in two
or three great shawls. What sort of bundle I looked like, I don't know,
but I felt a very hot one. Feeling also very faint and drowsy, I soon lay
down on the sofa again and fell asleep.
   It might have been a dream, originating in the fancy which had occu-
pied my mind so long, but I awoke with the impression that my aunt
had come and bent over me, and had put my hair away from my face, and
laid my head more comfortably, and had then stood looking at me. The
words, "Pretty fellow," or " Poor fellow," seemed to be in my ears, too ;
but certainly there was nothing else, when I awoke, to lead me to believe
that they had been uttered by my aunt, who sat in the bow-window
gazing at the sea from behind the green fan, which was mounted on a
kind of swivel, and turned any way.
   We dined soon after I awoke, off a roast fowl and a pudding ; I sitting
at table, not unlike a trussed bird myself, and moving my arms with con-
siderable difficulty. But as my aunt had swathed me up, I made no
complaint of being inconvenienced. All this time, I was deeply anxious
to know what she was going to do with me; but she took her dinner in
profound silence, except when she occasionally fixed her eyes on me sitting
opposite, and said, " Mercy upon us! " which did not by any means
relieve my anxiety.
   The cloth being drawn, and some sherry put upon the table (of which I
had a glass), my aunt sent up for Mr. Dick again, who joined us, and
looked as wise as he could when she requested him to attend to my story,
which she elicited from me, gradually, by a course of questions. During
my recital, she kept her eyes on Mr. Dick, who I thought would have
 gone to sleep but for that, and who, whensoever he lapsed into a smile,
was checked by a frown from my aunt.
   "Whatever possessed that poor unfortunate Baby, that she must go
