                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD




                           CHAPTER XXVI.
                        I FALL I N T O CAPTIVITY.

   I SAW no more of Uriah Heep, until the day when Agnes left town. I
was at the coach-office to take leave of her and see her go ; and there was
he, returning to Canterbury by the same conveyance. I t was some small
satisfaction to me to observe his spare, short-waisted, high-shouldered,
mulberry-coloured great-coat perched up, in company with an umbrella
like a small tent, on the edge of the back seat on the roof, while Agnes
was, of course, inside ; but what I underwent in my efforts to be friendly
with him, while Agnes looked on, perhaps deserved that little recompense.
At the coach-window, as at the dinner-party, he hovered about us without
a moment's intermission, like a great vulture : gorging himself on every
syllable that I said to Agnes, or Agnes said to me.
   I n the state of trouble into which his disclosure by my fire had thrown
me, I had thought very much of the words Agnes had used in reference to
the partnership. "I did what I hope was right. Peeling sure that it
was necessary for papa's peace that the sacrifice should be made, I entreated
him to make it." A miserable foreboding that she would yield to, and
sustain herself by, the same feeling in reference to any sacrifice for his
sake, had oppressed me ever since. I knew how she loved him. I knew
what the devotion of her nature was. I knew from her own lips that she
regarded herself as the innocent cause of his errors, and as owing him a
great debt she ardently desired to pay. I had no consolation in seeing
how different she was from this detestable Rufus with the mulberry-
coloured great-coat, for I felt that in the very difference between them, in
the self-denial of her pure soul and the sordid baseness of his, the greatest
danger lay. All this, doubtless, he knew thoroughly, and had, in his
cunning, considered well.
   Yet, I was so certain that the prospect of such a sacrifice afar off, must
destroy the happiness of Agnes ; and I was so sure, from her manner, of
its being unseen by her then, and having cast no shadow on her yet; that
I could as soon have injured her, as given her any warning of what
impended. Thus it was that we parted without explanation : she waving
her hand and smiling farewell from the coach-window; her evil genius
writhing on the roof, as if he had her in his clutches and triumphed.
   I could not get over this farewell glimpse of them for a long time.
When Agnes wrote to tell me of her safe arrival, I was as miserable as when
I saw her going away. Whenever I fell into a thoughtful state, this
subject was sure to present itself, and all my uneasiness was sure to be
redoubled. Hardly a night passed without my dreaming of it. I t became
a part of my life, and as inseparable from my life as my own head.
   I had ample leisure to refine upon my uneasiness: for Steerforth was
at Oxford, as he wrote to me, and when I was not at the Commons, I was
very much alone. I believe I had at this time some lurking distrust of
