260            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    '&lt; Uriah Heep ? " said I. " No. I s he in London ? "
    "He comes to the office down-stairs, every day," returned Agnes.
" H e was in London a week before me. I am afraid on disagreeable
business, Trotwood."
    " On some business that makes you uneasy, Agnes, I see," said I.

" What can that be? "

    Agnes laid aside her work, and replied, folding her hands upon one
another, and looking pensively at me out of those beautiful soft eyes of hers :
    "I believe he is going to enter into partnership with papa."
    " What ? Uriah?     That mean, fawning fellow, worm himself into such
promotion?" I cried, indignantly. " Have you made no remonstrance
about it, Agnes? Consider what a connexion it is likely to be. You
must speak out. You must not allow your father to take such a mad
step. You must prevent it, Agnes, while there's time."
    Still looking at me, Agnes shook her head while I was speaking, with
a faint smile at my warmth : and then replied :
    "You remember our last conversation about papa? I t was not long
after that-not more than two or three days-when he gave me the first
intimation of what I tell you. I t was sad to see him struggling between
his desire to represent it to me as a matter of choice on his part, and his
inability to conceal that it was forced upon him. I felt very sorry."
    "Forced upon him, Agnes ! Who forces it upon him? "
    " Uriah," she replied, after a moment's hesitation, " has made himself
indispensable to papa. He is subtle and watchful. He has mastered
papa's weaknesses, fostered them, and taken advantage of them, until-to
say all that I mean in a word, Trotwood, until papa is afraid of him."
    There was more that she might have said; more that she knew, or that
 she suspected ; I clearly saw. I could not give her pain by asking what
it was, for I knew that she withheld it from me, to spare her father.
I t had long been going on to this, I was sensible: yes, I could not but
feel, on the least reflection, that it had been going on to this for a long
time. I remained silent.
    " His ascendancy over papa," said Agnes, "is very great.     He professes
humility and gratitude-with truth, perhaps : I hope so-but his position
is really one of power, and I fear he makes a hard use of his power."
    I said he was a hound, which, at the moment, was a great satisfaction
to me.
    "At the time I speak of, as the time when papa spoke to me," pursued
Agnes, " he had told papa that he was going away; that he was very
sorry, and unwilling to leave, but that he had better prospects. Papa
was very much depressed then, and more bowed down by care than ever
you or I have seen him ; but he seemed relieved by this expedient of the
partnership, though at the same time he seemed hurt by it and ashamed
of it."
    " And how did you receive it, Agnes ? "
    " I did, Trotwood," she replied, " what I hope was right. Feeling
sure that it was necessary for papa's peace that the sacrifice should be
made, I entreated him to make it. I said it would lighten the load of
his life-I hope it will !-and that it would give me increased opportuni-
ties of being his companion. Oh, Trotwood ! " cried Agnes, putting her
hands before her face, as her tears started on it, " I almost feel as if I
