                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  " Yes, indeed," said I.
  " Aha ? " cried the little creature, glancing sharply at my face, and then
peeping round at Steerforth's. " Umph ? "
    The first exclamation sounded like a question put to both of us, and
 the second like a question put to Steerforth only. She seemed to have
 found no answer to either, but continued to rub, with her head on one
 side and her eye turned up, as if she were looking for an answer in the air,
 and were confident of its appearing presently.
    "A sister of yours, Mr. Copperfield ? " she cried, after a pause, and still
 keeping the same look out. "Aye, aye?"
    "No," said Steerforth, before I could reply. "Nothing of the sort.
 On the contrary, Mr. Copperfield used-or I am much mistaken-to have
 a great admiration for her."
    " Why, hasn't he now?" returned Miss Mowcher. " I s he fickle? oh,
for shame ! Did he sip every flower, and change every hour, until Polly
his passion requited?-Is her name Polly ? "
    The Elfin suddenness with which she pounced upon me with this
 question, and a searching look, quite disconcerted me for a moment.
    " No, Miss Mowcher," I replied.        "Her name is Emily."
    " Aha ? " she cried exactly as before. " Umph ? What a rattle I am !
Mr. Copperfield, ain't I volatile ? "
    Her tone and look implied something that was not agreeable to me in
connexion with the subject. So I said, in a graver manner than any of us
had yet assumed :
    " She is as virtuous as she is pretty.  She is engaged to be married to a
most worthy and deserving man in her own station of life. I esteem her
for her good sense, as much as I admire her for her good looks."
    "Well said ! " cried Steerforth. " Hear, hear, hear ! Now, I '11 quench
the curiosity of this little Fatima, my dear Daisy, by leaving her nothing to
guess at. She is at present apprenticed, Miss Mowcher, or articled, or what-
ever it may be, to Omer and Joram, Haberdashers, Milliners, and so forth,
in this town. Do you observe? Omer and Joram. The promise of
which my friend has spoken, is made and entered into with her cousin;
Christian name, Ham ; surname, Peggotty ; occupation, boat-builder ;also
of this town. She lives with a relative ; Christian name, unknown ; sur-
name, Peggotty; occupation, seafaring; also of this town. She is the
prettiest and most engaging little fairy in the world. I admire her-as
my friend does-exceedingly.        If it were not that I might appear to dis-
parage her Intended, which I know my friend would not like, I would
add, that to me she seems to be throwing herself away; that I am sure
she might do better; and that I swear she was born to be a lady."
   Miss Mowcher listened to these words, which were very slowly and
distinctly spoken, with her head on one side, and her eye in the air as if
she were still looking for that answer. When he ceased, she became brisk
again in an instant, and rattled away with surprising volubility.
    "Oh! And that's all about it, is i t ? " she exclaimed, trimming his
whiskers with a little restless pair of scissors, that went glancing round
his head in all directions. "Very well : very well ! Quite a long story.
Ought to end, 'and they lived happy ever afterwards ;' oughtn't it ? Ah !
What's that game at forfeits? I love my love with an E, because she's
enticing ; I hate her with an E, because she 's engaged. I took her to the
