196           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    I had observed it, and had often wondered whether she had too. I
must have shown as much, now, in my face ; for her eyes were in a moment
cast down, and I saw tears in them.
    "Tell me what it is," she said, in a low voice.
    " I think-shall I be quite plain, Agnes, liking him so much ? "
    " Yes," she said.
    "I think he does himself no good by the habit that has increased upon
him since I first came here. He is often very nervous-or I fancy so."
    " I t is not fancy," said Agnes, shaking her head.
    " His hand trembles, his speech is not plain, and his eyes look wild. I
have remarked that at those times, and when he is least like himself, he is
most certain to be wanted on some business."
    "By Uriah," said Agnes.
    "Yes ; and the sense of being unfit for it, or of not having understood
it, or of having shown his condition in spite of himself, seems to make
him so uneasy, that next day he is worse, and next day worse, and so he
becomes jaded and haggard. Do not be alarmed by what I say, Agnes,
but in this state I saw him, only the other evening, lay down his head
upon his desk, and shed tears like a child."
    Her hand passed softly before my lips while I was yet speaking, and in
a moment she had met her father at the door of the room, and was hang-
ing on his shoulder. The expression of her face, as they both looked
towards me, I felt to be very touching. There was such deep fondness for
him, and gratitude to him for all his love and care, in her beautiful look ;
and there was such a fervent appeal to me to deal tenderly by him, even in
my inmost thoughts, and to let no harsh construction find any place against
him; she was, at once, so proud of him and devoted to him, yet so compas-
sionate and sorry, and so reliant upon me to be so, too ; that nothing she
could have said would have expressed more to me, or moved me more.
    We were to drink tea at the Doctor's. We went there at the usual
hour; and round the study-fireside found the Doctor, and his young wife,
and her mother. The Doctor, who made as much of my going away as if
I were going to China, received me as an honored guest; and called for a
log of wood to be thrown on the fire, that he might see the face of his old
pupil reddening in the blaze.
    " I shall not see many more new faces in Trotwood's stead, Wickfield,"

said the Doctor, warming his hands; " I am getting lazy, and want
ease. I shall relinquish all my young people in another six months, and
lead a quieter life."
    "You have said so, any time these ten years, Doctor," Mr. Wickfield
answered.
    " But now I mean to do it," returned the Doctor.       "My first master
will succeed me-I am in earnest at last-so you '11 soon have to arrange
our contracts, and to bind us firmly to them, like a couple of knaves."
    "And to take care," said Mr. Wickfield, "that you 're not imposed
on, eh?-as you certainly would be, in any contract you should make for
yourself. Well! I am ready. There are worse tasks than that, in my
calling."
    " I shall have nothing to think of then," said the Doctor, with a smile,

 " but my Dictionary ; and this other contract-bargain-Annie."
