 -   .-
     -    ..                --.-
                               ~




          THOMAS PARR,
                                                    THE ONLY RATIONAL REMEDY
                                                                              IS


                                         PARR'S LIFE PILLS.
                                      IT is a fact beyond dispute, that most of the diseases with which the human
                                      race are a a i c t e d is the result of a disordered state of the blood. T o remedy
                                      this, the occasional use of PARR'S LIFE PILLS should be had recourse t o
                                      a n d sickness prevented a s well as cured.
                                         I n their operation they g o direct t o t h e disease. After yon have taken six
                                      or twelve pills yon will experience their effect; the disease upon you will
                                      become less and less by every dose you take ; and if you will persevere in
 At the age of 152 years. See         regularly taking two pills every day, your disease will speedily be removed
 his Life, t o be had Gratis of       from the system.
           all Agents.
                THE ADVANTAGES DERIVED FROM TAKING PARR'S LIFE PILLS, ARE
     1sr.-LONG L I F E . AND HAPPINESS !
     ZND.-SOUND AND R E F R E S H I N G S L E E P !
     ~RD.-GOOD A P P E T I T E !
     ITH.-ENERGY O F MIND AND CLEARNESS O F PERCEPTION !
     ~TH.-GENERAL GOOD HEALTH AND COMFORT.
     GTH.-THEY ARE FOUND, A F T E R GIVlNG THEM A F A I R T R I A L FOR A F E W
             WEEKS. TO POSSESS T H E MOST ASTONISHING AND INVIGORATING
             PROPERTIES.
                                      TO LADIES.
   PARYS LIFE PILLS are the only remedy recommended to be taken by Ladies. They fortify the constitution
a t all periods of life, and in all Nervous Affections act like a Charm. They remove all Heaviness, Palpitation
of the Heart. Lowness of Spirits. Weakness, &c. They create Appetite, a n d remove Indigestion, Heartburn,
Headaches, Qiddiness. I n Hysterical Diseases, a proper perseverance i n the use of this Medicine will be found
to effect a cure after all other means have failed.
   None are genuine unless the Government Stamp is pasted round each box; also the a c - s i m i l e of the
signature of the Proprietors, "T. ROBERTS a n d Co., Cranecourt, Fleetstreet, London," on the Directions.
   Sold in boxes a t Is. Igd.. 28.9d.. and family packets a t 11s. each.
   Wholesale London Agents :-Messrs. Barclay and Sons, Farringdon-street; Edwards, St. Paul's Churchyard;
Sntton and Co., Bow Church-yard; Sangar, 151, Oxford-street; Hannay and Co., Oxford-street London.
Mottershead and Co., Manchester; Raimes and Co., Edinbnrghj a n d J. Noble, Boston; a n d :old by a;
Chemists.




                       n l K Y,S.tiA#ClJRGY?
                  NP,P&VS      OtWhNEEDSXS,
                     WITH LARGE DRILLED EYES,
                   b NE     PWS O#Wk PftNS,
                     W I T H PER,F.ECT SOLID HEADS.
                      Sold brcr everv Dra~er.
                                           &c.inthe United Kingdom.

          Recently published, in 1 vol., avo, 6s. 6d.        I   WREEMANS'                  SPERMAZINE
                                                            1' WAX LIGHTS, load. per lb. These very eco.
H        OM(EOPATHY I N ACUTE DIS-
         EASES. B y S r ~ r x i n xIELDHAX,M.R.C.S.
   " I n matter and mode of treatment, a valuablecon-
                                                            n o m i o l , superior, and brilliant burning Candles, a r e
                                                            sold i n Chests ; and also i n Boxes of Two dozen lbs.
                                                            with the package included, for 22s. 6d. Cash, a t
                                                            FREEMANS,, ~              ~   ~          l Q~
                                                                                               d to the     .~ 3, ~wig.
                                                                                                                    ~ ~ ~k   ~~
tribution t o medical science."-ATonconformist.             more-street, near Caveudish-square, London, who
   "Incomparably t h e boldest              which the       supply on the best terms every article i n t h e trade.
press of this country has ever conveyed to the im-          Of first quality.-The       above candles (for which they
pugners of Homceopathy."-Sunday       Times.                have n o agents) are submitted t o the special notice
                                                            of Hotel-keepers and all large consumers.-Orders
   H. B A ~ L L I E219,Regent-street;
                   ~E,                a n d A ~ L 0 ~ ~ a n delivered
                                                             d             free a t the Railway Stations, or any part
CO., 8, Paternoster-row.                                    of London.
                                                                                    --                      -A


         N EXCELLENT cure of a DISORDER I N THE STOMACH effected
A       by HOLLOWAI'S PILLS.--* Lady a n intimate friend of the family of General Rosas. Governor of
t h e Republic of La Plata declares t h a t she) was lately cured of a disorder in the stomach, and restored to
Perfect health, by the nsLof this admirable remedy. She had consulted t h e most eminent physicians in t h e
cOn?trY, but had not been able t o obtain any relief from the complaint t h a t was killing her by inches,
nntll she took Holloway's Pills.       J o h n Eastman, Esq., a n eminent merchant of Buenos Ayres, com-
municated these particulars to Professor HOLLOWAY         in a letter dated the 4th September, 1849.-Sold by all
druggists, and a t Professor HOLLOWAX'S      Establishment, 244, Strand, London.
