                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

and it rests with us to smooth it. We must fight our way onward. We
must be brave. There are obstacles to be met, and we must meet, and
crush them ! "
   I was going on at a great rate, with a clenched hand, and a most
enthusiastic countenance ; but it was quite unnecessary to proceed. I had
said enough. I had done it again. Oh, she was so frightened! Oh,
where was Julia Mills ! Oh, take her to Julia Mills, and go away,
please ! So that, in short, I was quite distracted, and raved about the
drawing-room.
   I thought I had killed her, this time. I sprinkled water on her face.
I went down on my knees. I plucked at my hair. I denounced myself as
aremorseless brute and a ruthless beast. I implored her forgiveness. I
besought her to look up. I ravaged Miss Mills's work-box for a smelling-
bottle, and in my agony of mind applied an ivory needle-case instead, and
dropped all the needles over Dora. I shook my fists at Jip, who was as frantic
as myself. I did every wild extravagance that could be done, and was a
long way beyond the end of my wits when Miss Mills came into the room.
   " Who has done this ! " exclaimed Miss Mills, succouring her friend.
   I re~lied. " I. Miss Mills ! I have done it ! Behold the destroyer ! "
-or ;or& to 'that effect-and hid my face from the light, in the
sofa cushion.
   At first Miss Mills thought it was a quarrel, and that we were verging
on the Desert of Sahara; but she soon found out how matters stood, for
my dear affectionate little Dora, embracing her, began exclaiming that I
was " a poor laborer ;" and then cried for me, and embraced me, and asked
me would I let her give me all her money to keep, and then fell on Miss
Mills's neck, sobbing as if her tender heart were broken.
   Miss Mills must have been born to be a blessing to us. She ascertained
from me in a few words what it was all about, comforted Dora, and
gradually convinced her that I was not a laborer-from my manner of
stating the case I believe Dora concluded that I was a navigator, and went
balancing myself up and down a plank all day with a wheelbarrow-and
so brought us together in peace. When we were quite composed, and
Dora had gone up-stairs to put some rose-water to her eyes, Miss Mills
rang for tea. I n the ensuing interval, I told Miss Mills that she was
evermore my friend, and that my heart must cease to vibrate ere I could
forget her sympathy.
   I then expounded to Miss Mills what I had endeavoured, so very
unsuccessfully, to expound to Dora. Miss Mills replied, on general prin-
ciples, that the Cottage of content was better than the Palace of cold
splendour, and that where love was, all was.
   I said to Miss Mills that this was very true, and who should know it
better than I, who loved Dora with a love that never mortal had expe-
rienced yet. But on Miss Mills observing, with despondency, that it were
well indeed for some hearts if this were so, I explained that I begged
leave to restrict the observation to mortals of the masculine gender.
   I then put it to Miss Mills, to say whether she considered that there
was or was not any practical merit in the suggestion I had been anxious
to make, concerning the accounts, the housekeeping, and the Cookery Book?
   Miss Mills, after some consideration, thus replied :
   " Mr. Copperfield, I will be plain with you.    Mental suffering and trial
