420           THE PERSONAL I-IISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

chimney-piece, and trying to make it keep time to the jerking of my
heart,-which it wouldn't. Also of looking round the room for any sign
of Dora, and seeing none. Also of thinking that Jip once barked in the
distance, and was instantly choked by somebody. Ultimately I found
myself backing Traddles into the fire-place, and bowing in great confusion
to two dry little elderly ladies, dressed in black, and each looking wonder-
fully like a preparation in chip or tan of the late Mr. Spenlolv.
   '' Pray," said one of the two little ladies, "be seated."
   When I had done tumbling over Traddles, and had sat upon something
which was not a cat-my first seat was-I so far recovered my sight, as
to perceive that Mr. Spenlow had evidently been the youngest of the
family; that there was a disparity of six or eight years between the two
sisters; and that the younger appeared to be the manager of the con-
ference, inasmuch as she had my letter in her hand-so familiar as it
looked to me, and yet so odd!-and was referring to it through an eye-
glass. They were dressed alike, but this sister wore her dress with a more
youthful air than the other; and perhaps had a trifle more frill, or tucker,
or brooch, or bracelet, or some little thing of that kind, which made her
look more lively. They were both upright in their carriage, formal, pre-
cise, composed, and quiet. The sister who had not my letter, had her
arms crossed on her breast, and resting on each other, like an Idol.
   c' Mr. Copperfield, I believe," said the sister who had got my letter,
addressing herself to Traddles.
   This was a frightful beginning. Traddles had to indicate that I was
Mr. Copperfield, and I had to lay claim to myself, and they had to divest
themselves of a preconceived opinion that Traddles was Mr. Copperfield,
and altogether we were in a nice condition. To improve it, we all distinctly
heard Jip give two short barks, and receive another choke.
   " Mr. Copperfield ! " said the sister with the letter.
   I did something-bowed, I suppose-and was d l attention, when the
other sister struck in.
   " My sister Lavinia," said she, "being conversant with matters of this

nature, will state what we consider most calculated to promote the happi-
ness of both parties."
   I discovered afterwards that Miss Lavinia was an anthority in affairs
of the heart, by reason of there having anciently existed a certain Mr.
Pidger, who played short whist, and was supposed to have been enamoured
of her. My private opinion is, that this was entirely a gratuitous assump-
tion, and that Pidger was altogether innocent of any such sentiments-to
which he had never given any sort of expression that I could ever hear of.
Both Miss Lavinia and Miss Clarissn had a superstition, however, that
he would have declared his passion, if he had not been cut short in
his youth (at about sixty) by over-drinking his constitution, and over-
doing an attempt to set it right again by swilling Bath water. They
had a lurking suspicion even, that he died of secret love ; though I must
say there was a picture of him in the house with a damask nose, which
concealment did not appear to have ever preyed upon.
   "We will not," said Miss Lavinia, "enter on the past history of this
matter. Our poor brother Francis's death has cancelled that."
   "We had not," said Miss Clarissa, "been in the habit of frequent
