                                OPINIONS OF THE PRESS.

     CORKMATTRESSESFOR SUIPS.-"A number of experiments were last summer exhibited on the Thames
and in the basin in Woolwich Dockyard, to prove the efficacy of a n invention by which the lives of sailors and
passengers in ships, Bc. could, in the event of shipwreck, he saved. The invention, which was very simple,
consisted in substituting cork cutlings or shreds in the place of horse hair, wool, or flock, as the stuffing for
mattresses, pillovvs, Bc., t o be employed in ships and nautical craft of all kinds. The experiments were perfectly
satisfactory, and were approved of by Sir G. Bremer and by many persons connected with the navy, and by
scientificmen who witnessed them. The cork was cut into small vermicular shreds of various fineness, and a
few pounds of this material were found to possess a most extraordinary buoyant power. The difficulty a t that
time was to procure the article so manufactured in such quantities as to render it generally serviceable; the
instruments emplo ed to cut the shreds, from the toughness of the cork, not possessing sufficient power, or being
sufficiently adapte$ to cut large quantities, except by a very slow process. The consequence was, the invention
did not become very generally known or used. Since that time machinery has been contrived, and is now a t
work o n the premises of the patentees, a t the          Saw Mills, Regent's-canal, by which the cork is cut with
the greatest dispatch and facility, and can be furnished to any extent. The recent lamentable loss of 170 Lives
on the coast of Essez would not have happened had the unfortunate vessel tuhich was wrecked had mattresses of
this materiud on board. The majority ofthe stcrerers mighlprobably have escaped by meansof it."-The Times.
7th March, 1849.

      PRESERVATION      OF LIFE FROM SHIPWRECK.-PATENTCORKSTUFFING.-(' Our colnmns have again recorded
one of those vast losses of human life by the shipwreck of the ' Floridian,' emigrant ship, which have so often
appalled the public, and which as oft& have been passed over without effort to prevent their recurrence or to
lessen their effects. On laud we have our inquests, public attention is enforced, and thence results a tendency
to obviate the possibility of the same calamities. With disasters a t sea it is otherwise. W e practise the fatalism
of the Turks, which we so easily condemn-our feelings soothe themselves by a few pathetic exclamations, and
all is forgotten. I n the unhappy case of the Floridia~h the first boat capsized ; the second was overfilled by a
frantic rush of the passengers and shared the same fat;. So it always has been. The Ocean Momrch gave the
same melancholy proof of thelinsufficiency of boats, in moderate weather, in sight of our shores, and in broad
daylight. I t is evident we must turn to something else-we must try a new plan : the old plans do nothing for
Us. We have endeavoured to recall all the new ideas we have heard on this subject. W e find amongst them
one which is not only a novel but very ingenious application of a fact known to every schoolboy-one rationally
entitled to attention, becauie it is founded on the experience of everybody. W e learn to swim by cork; its
 indestructable buoyancy is known by all the world.
       " On Saturday last we observed a very able article in a n influential weekly contemporary, from which we
extract the following :-
       " ' I n the early part of last year public attention was very generally directed to a n invention for saving life
 and property a t sea in cases of shipwreck or sudden calamity, which appeared a t once so simple and efficacious
 a s to lead to the belief that a mode a t last had been discovered of avoiding or mitigating the unspeakable
 horrors Of shipwreck. W e allude to numerous experiments which took place before distinguished naval autbo-
 rities and the public a t large on the Serpentine at Woolwich Dock-yard and a t various sea-ports of the
 kingdom, to test the ability of k o ~ kshredded,
                                          ,          so a: to adapt it for the ordin& stuffing of mattresses, bolsters,
 squabs, and the common furniture and bedding of a ship's company ; t o afford ready and, humanly speaking,
 certain means of saving the lives of passengers and crew, and possibly the cargo of a vessel, when threatened
 wlth destruction by storm and shipwreck. Those experiments were, in all cases, so eminently successful, and
 the approbation of the naval men so universally acceded ; that it was fairly assumed that not only government,
 but the whole shipping interest, would lose no time in coming t o a n arrangement with the patentees for the
 application and adoption of such an invaluable invention in our magnificent navy and vast mercantile marine.
 W e beard, with much satisfaction, that the Admiralty had made a beginning by ordering that one of the Arctic
 vessels Sent in search of Sir J. Franklin should be supplied with these patent life-preserving mattresses, and
 that more than one foreign government)had sent orders to this country for a quantity of the same articles,
 with the avowed purpose, if found to answer the end for which they were invented, of introducing them gene-
 rally into their war ships and their commercial marine. For some months, however, we lost sight of this
 admirable invention, and we presumed that either the political and social hurricane which shattered so many
 sound and hopeful projects had shelvedit for a while or that the production of the material was too Costly
 for general application. The delay in bringing forwa;d this invention prominently it now seems, was owing
 t o difficulties of a purely mechanical nature, which, after much time, large expense1and scientific labour, have
 been thoroughly overcome. W e need hardly say that cork is not a very manageable substance. To produce it
 shredded, of various length of staple and fineness-if we may use these terms-it is essential to have very
 ingenious and complicated machinery. I t is no detriment to any popular invention whatever, to say, that it
 i s seldom produced in perfection a t once. and so it happened with reference to the cork stuffing ; it being
 found that the machinery first constructed &lt;or the purpose of shredding the cork was defective in certain essential
 qualities, that it could not produce the material in quantity sufficient to meet the extensive orders which
 came pouring in as soon as the importance and efficacy of the life-preserving mattresses were known, and
 further, that the quantity produced was, of necessity, a t an enhanced cost, not contemplated by the patentees.
 W e now find that the machinery for the production of the corkstuffing is perfect, Any quantity can he furnished,
 and any fibre--to use a familiar illustration, from the size of a maccaroni to vermicelli-can he produced with
 facility. As far as what we may term the principle of this patent cork stuffing is concerned, the perfect
 adaptation to its purpose is beyond all question. Let us just remind the reader of one or two results attamed
 a t some of the public experiments. I t has already been stated that one of the great and important uses of the
 cork stuffing is, T H A T I T R E Q U I R E S NO E X T R A STOWAGE ROOM I N VESSELS. Thesailors'sea-
 bedding, thecushions of the seats and benches in ships or pleasure boats, pfovided with this patent stpffing, become
 i n an instant,in case of need so many life preservers. Each sailor, oihcer, or passenger, is furnished wlth a n
                               d
 instantaneous means, if not saving life in all cases, yet of sustaining life in the vast majority of vases until ~ s i s t -
  ance from other sources arrives or can he obtained. Now, the problem to be solved by these expepments was, what
  quantity of the stuffing, either in a mattress or a squab, would suffice to sustain a single person In the water, and
