                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           151
 short," said my aunt, "to be plain-did no one put in a word for the boy
 at that time ? "
    " My late wife loved her second husband, madam," said Mr. Murdstone,

 "and trusted implicitly in him."
    "Your late wife, sir, was a most unworldly, most unhappy, most unfor-
 tunate baby," returned my aunt, shaking her head at him. " That's
 what she was. And now, what have you got to say next? "
    "Merely this, Miss Trotwood," he returned. " I am here to take
David back-to take him back unconditionally, to dispose of him as I
think proper, and to deal with him as I think right. I am not here to
make any promise, or give any pledge to anybody. You may possibly
have some idea, Miss Trotwood, of abetting him in his running away, and
in his complaints to you. Your manner, which I must say does not seem
intended to propitiate, induces me to think it possible. Now I must
caution you that if you abet him once, you abet him for good and all; if
you step in between him and me, now, you must step in, Miss Trotwood,
for ever. I cannot trifle, or be trifled with. I am here, for the first and
last time, to take him away. I s he ready to go ? If he is not-and you
tell me he is not; on any pretence; it is indifferent to me what-my
doors are shut
        -     .. against him henceforth, and yours, I take it for granted, are

open to him."
    To this address, my aunt had listened with the closest attention, sitting
perfectly upright, with her hands folded on one knee, and looking grimly
on the speaker. When he had finished, she turned her eyes so as to com-
mand Miss Murdstone, without otherwise disturbing her attitude, and said :
    " Well, ma'am, have you got anything to remark? "
    " Indeed, Miss Trotwood," said Miss Murdstone, " all that I could
say has been so well said by my brother, and all that I know to be the
fact has been so plainly stated by him, that I have nothing to add except
my thanks for your politeness. For your very great politeness, I am
sure," said Miss Murdstone ; with an irony which no more affected my
aunt, than it discomposed the cannon I had slept by at Chatham.
    "And what does the boy say ? " said my aunt. " Are you ready to go,
David ? "
   I answered no, and entreated her not to let me go. I said that neither
Mr. nor Miss Murdstone had ever liked me, or had ever been kind to me.
That they had made my mama, who always loved me dearly, unhappy about
me, and that I knew it well, and that Peggotty knew it. I said that I
had been more miserable than I thought anybody could believe, who only
knew how young I was. And I begged and prayed my aunt-I forget in
what terms now, but I remember that they affected me very much then-
to befriend and protect me, for my father's sake.
   " Mr. Dick," said my aunt, " what shall I do with this child? "
   Mr. Dick considered, hesitated, brightened, and rejoined, " Have him
measured for a suit of clothes directly."
   " Mr. Dick," said my aunt, triumphantly, "give me your hand, for

your common sense is invaluable." Having shaken it with great cordiality,
she pulled me towards her, and said to Mr. Murdstone :
   " You can go when you like; I'll take my chance with the boy. If
he 's all you say he is, at least I can do as much for him then, as you have
done. But I don't believe a word of it."
