                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         241
 -of what she had been unable to repress when her heart lay open to me
 by an accident, I felt would be a rough deed, unworthy of myself, unworthy
 of the light of our pure childhood, which I always saw encircling her
 head. I made a resolution, therefore, to keep it in my own breast; and
 there it gave her image a new grace.
    While we were at breakfast, a letter was delivered to me from my aunt.
 As it contained matter on which I thought Steerforth could advise me as
 well as any one, and on which I knew I should be delighted to consult
 him, I resolved to make it a subject of discussion on our journey home.
 For the present we had enough to do, in taking leave of all our friends.
 Mr. Barkis was far from being the last among them, in his regret at our
 departure; and I believe would even have opened the box again, and
 sacrificed another guinea, if it would have kept us eight-and-forty hours
in Yarmouth. Peggotty, and all her family, were full of grief at our
going. The whole house of Omer and Joram turned out to bid us good
bye; and there were so many seafaring volunteers in attendance on
Steerforth, when our portmanteaus went to the coach, that if we had had
the baggage of a regiment with us, we should hardly have wanted porters
to carry it. I n a word, we departed to the regret and admiration of all
concerned, and left a great many people very sorry behind us.
    "Do you stay long here, Littimer ?" said I, as he stood waiting to see
the coach start.
    " No, sir," he replied ; 'I probably not very long, sir."
    " He can hardly say just now," observed Steerforth, carelessly. " H e
knows what he has to do, and he 1' 1 do it."
    "That I am sure he will," said I.
    Littimer touched his hat in acknowledgment of my good opinion, and
Ifelt about eight years old. He touched it once more, wishing us a good
journey; and we left him standing on the pavement, as respectable a mystery
as any pyramid in Egypt.
    For some little time we held no conversation, Steerforth being unusually
silent, and I being sufficiently engaged in wondering, within myself, when
I should see the old places again, and what new changes might happen to
me or them in the meanwhile. At length Steerforth, becoming gay and
talkative in a moment, as he could become anything he liked at any
moment, pulled me by the arm :
    "Find a voice, David. What about the letter you were speaking of at
breakfast ?"
    " Oh ! " said I , taking it out of my pocket. " It's from my aunt.''

    " And what does she say, requiring consideration ! "
    "Why, she reminds me, Steerforth," said I, "that I came out on this
expedition to look about me, and to think a little."
    " Which, of course, you have done? "
    " Indeed I can't say I have, particularly. To tell you the truth, I am
afraid I had forgotten it."
    " Well ! look about you now, and make up for your negligence," said
Steerforth. "Look to the right, and you'll see a flat country, with a
good deal of marsh in it ; look to the left, and you 1' 1 see the same. Look
to the front, and you '11 find no difference; look to the rear, and there it
is still."
                                                               R
