                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                              3


               SMITH, E L D E R & CO.'S
                                NEW PUBLICATIONS.

                      NEW WORK BY T H E AUTHOR O F                            '' J A N E   EYRE!'
                                               I n three volumes post avo.
SHIRLEY. A Tale. By CURRER BELL, Author of "Jane Eyre."
                                                                                                                J w t ready.

An Account of the Settlement                                         ERNEST0 DI RIPALTA;
  of NEW                  in                    A TALE OF THE ITALIAN            REVOLUTION.
  NEW ZEALAND.                                      the Author o f a Notes of a TWO Years         B~
By CHARLESHURSTHOUSE,      JUN. Post ~ v o . ,      Residence   in Italy."    I n 3 Vols., post 8vo.
   with a Plan and Five Views. Price 68. cloth.  " A true and philosophical view of uol~ticsin Italv.
                                                                 presented in the-form of a tale, which'is well sustained
  "The merit of this book consists in the full and im-           and often powerful and interesting.7'-Speetator.
partial account i t gives of the settlement. and the sound
advice which accompanies it."-Spectator.                           ,, An interesting narrative of the asairsof Italy during
  " The field Mr. Hursthouse surveys is not a wide one,          the past two years'"-Britannia'
but his view of i t is complete and exact."-Britannia.             " An eloquent and interesting book."-Examiner.

             THE SEVEN LAMPS OF ARCHITECTURE.
By JOHN RUSKIN,Author of '(Modern Painters."            1 Voi. imp. 8vo., with Fourteen Etchings by
        the Author.       Price One Guinea, bound in embossed cloth, with top edge gilt,
                                                             '
   "By the 'Seven Lamps of Architecture ' we under-                 "Mr. Ruskin's mind is of that vlgorous and searching
stand Mr. Ruskin to mean the seven fundLmenta1 and               nature which can he satisfied with nothing less than the
cardinal laws, the observance of and obedience to which          elucidation of pure principles in art. He observes and
are indispensable to the architect who would deserve the         investigates for himself, and expresses himself in astrain
name. The politician, the moralist, the divine, will find        of eloquence which rivets the mind by its fulness of
in it ample store of instructive matter, a s well as the         meaning, and fascinates the fancy by its singular appro-
artist."-Emminer.                                                priateness of language and richness of imagery."-
  "A noble and splendid production. Faith, truthful-                                                              Britannia.
ness, and thought, are stamped in every line of it."--             " I t cannot but tell powerfully in producing a more
                                                  Atlos.         religious view of the uses of architecture, and a deeper




                                                             1
   "Truths are evoked whioh all have felt, hut which few         insight into its artistic princip1ea."-Guardian.
have had the power to analyse."-DaiZg News.


               THE TOWN:                                               MODERN PAINTERS.
ITS MEMORABLE     CHARACTERS     AND EVENTS. By a GRADUATE     O F OXFORD. Volume the
   (St. Paul's to St. James's.) By LEIGH         First. Fourth Edition, imp. 8vo. Price
   HUNT. 2 Vols., p?st ~ v o . ,with Forty-five  18s. cloth. Volume the Second. Second
   Illustrations. Price 24s. cloth.              Edition, imp. 8vo. Price 10s. 6d. cloth.
  "We will allow no higher enjoyment for s rational                 " A generous and impassioned review of the works of
Englishman than to stroll 1eisure:y through this marvel-         living painters. A hearty and earnest work, full of deep
lous town arm-in-arm with Mr. Leigh Hunt. He gives               thought, and developing great and striking truths in
us the outpourings of a mind enriched with the most              art.''-British  Quusterly Review.
agreeable knowledge. There is not a page of this book               " A very extraordinary and delightful book, full of
which does not glow with interest. I t is a series of pic-       truth and goodness, of power and beauty."-North
tures from life, representing scenes in which every inha.        British Review.
hitant of the metropolis has an interest far greater than           " One of the most remarkable works on art whioh has
he suspecb."-Times.                                              appeared in our time."-Edhbargh     Review.
                                             --

                                   WORKS I N THE PRESS.
                                                       -----C--

                          MR. L E I G H H U N T ' S A U T O B I O G R A P H Y .
           R E M I N I S C E N C E S AND TABLE TALK.
                              By LEIGH HUNT. I n T W OVols. post SVO,with Portrait.


                                    WOMAN I N FRANCE
                   CENTURY.By JULIA
DURINGTHE EICTHTEENTH                KAVANAGH. 2 VO~S.,
                                                     post 8 ~ 0with
                                                               ,    Portraits of
                         remarkable French Women.
           S M I T H , E L D E R A N D CO., 65, C O R N H I L L , L O N D O N ;
                      OLIVER AND BOYD, EDINBURGH; J. McGLASHAN, DUBLIN.
