100           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

coming, and standing on the footboard, pretended to look at the prospect;
after which I did very well.
   H e was so polite as to stop at a public-house, expressly on our
account, and entertain us with broiled mutton and beer. Even when
Peggotty was in the act of drinking, he was seized with one of those
approaches, and almost choked her. But as we drew nearer to the end
of our journey, he had more to do and less time for gallantry; and when
we got on Yarmouth pavement, we were all too much shaken and jolted,
I apprehend, to have any leisure for any thing else.
   Mr. Peggotty and Ham waited for us at the old place. They received
me and Peggotty in an affectionate manner, and shook hands with Mr.
Barkis, who, with his hat on the very back of his head, and a shame-faced
leer upon his countenance, and pervading his very legs, presented but a
vacant appearance, I thought. They each took one of Peggotty's trunks,
and we were going away, when Mr. Barkis solemnly made a sign to me
with his forefinger to come under an archway.
   " I say," growled Mr. Barkis, " it was all right."
   I looked up into his face, and answered, with an attempt to be very
profound : " Oh ! "
   " It didn't come to a end there," said Mr. Barkis, nodding con-
fidentially. " I t was all right."
   Again I answered : c c Oh ! "
   " You know who was willin'," said my friend. " I t was Barkis, and
Barkis only."
   I nodded assent.
   " It's all right," said Mr. Barkis, shaking hands ; " I 'm a friend of
your'n. You made it all right, first. I t ' s all right."
   I n his attempts to be particularly lucid, Mr. Barkis was so extremely
mysterious, that I might have stood looking in his face for an hour, and
most assuredly should have got as much information out of it as out of
the face of a clock that had stopped, but for Peggotty's calling me away.
As we were going along, she asked me what he had said; and I told her
he had said it was all right.
   " Like his impudence," said Peggotty, "but I don't mind that!
Davy dear, what should you think if I was to think of being married? "
   " Why-I     suppose you would like me as much then, Peggotty, as you
do now ? " I returned, after a little consideration.
   Greatly to the astonishment of the passengers in the street, as well as
of her relations going on before, the good soul was obliged to stop and
embrace me on the spot, with many protestations of her unalterable love.
   " Tell me what should you say, darling? " she asked again, when this

was over, and we were walking on.
   'r If you were thinking of being married-to     Mr. Barkis, Peggottg? "
   " Yes," said Peggotty.
   c6 I should think it would be a very good thing.      For then you know,
Peggotty, you would always have the horse and cart to bring you over to
see me, and could come for nothing, and be sure of coming."
    cr The sense of the dear ! " cried Peggotty.       " What I have been
thinking of, this month back ! Yes, my precious ; and I think I should
be more independent altogether, you see ; let alone my working with a
better heart in my own house, than I could in anybody else's now. I
