10                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.




       11"EKIRBY, BEARD & C?S
            PLUS OLTRI\ NEEDLES,
                                                        USE



                          WITH LARGE DRILLED EYES.
                  Sold by every Draper,&c.inthe United KinBdom.

        THE NEW PATENT SHOWER BATH.
                                   R. AND J. SLACK, 335, STRAND,
                                             Opposite Somerset House,
Beg to call attention t o their n e w Shower Bath a s a n article f a r superior to a n y bath ever introduced i t s
action being so simple that a child can fill it. T h e great inconvenience i n t h e old shower bath was'the
difficulty in raising the water, t h e pump requiring great labour, and conseqnent liability t o get out of order;
all these objections are obviated in this bath. May he seen in operation a t 336, Strand, where may he inspected
the most extensive assortment of haths, toilet sets, nlckel and electro-plated ware, and every article in fur-
nishing ironmongery a t prices much lower than a n y other house where quality is considered. Sponging
Baths, from 75, 6d.j Hip ditto, 19s. and 21s.; Portable Shower Baths and Curtains, 7s. 6d,


Their Catalogue, containing Two Hundred Drawings and Prices, may be hacl
                    gratis, or sent, post-free, to any part.
--                                         -          --

  THE I N V l S l B L E V E N T I L A T I N G HEADS OF HAIR.
                  ihe   Nee@         ROSS & SON'S METHOD O F MEASURING
      oard                                        T H E HEAD.
     $ = /,%,-.                :
                                     --                              -                             -
                                                                                                            ..Z?Q~(?U-~
                                                                                                                   I&-


                                                                               Inches.   /       ~~ghths.
                                     The Round of the Head
                                     -                  --
                                                                    ... ___I/__-
                                                                   .-                    I
                                     From Ear t o Ear ..........
                                     From Forehead to Poll.. ...
                                                   _____I-




                                                                                             I
                                     -                                    I                  I       -
                                      These inimitable works of art, for both Ladies a n d
                                     Gentlemen, from One Guinea-and-a-half upwards.



                                     infallible.
  BOTANIC WATER AND BEAR'S CREASE. When t h e Hair is becoming thin, and falling off, the only
effectual remedy is the use of t h e above named articles, applied alternately ; the Botanic Water t o cleanse
and stimulate, and the Bear's Grease t o nourish it.
  THE N E W TOOTH-PICK TOOTH-BRUSH, thoroughly cleansing between t h e Teeth when used up and
down, and polishing the surface when used crossways, t h e hair warranted never t o come out. I n four
strengths, viz., No. 1, hard ; No. 2, less hard ; No. 3, medium; No. 4, soft.
  THE DOUBLE ANTI-PRESSURE NAIL BRUSH; T H E TRIPLE HAlR BRUSH; T H E MEDlUM SHAVING,
BRUSH. THE " RENOVATOR" CLOTHES BRUSH. These articles being t h e illventions of Ross & SONS,
the p n h l ~ care requested to observe their names stamped o n each.
  If you wish to avoid all the torture "which Shaving has entailed upon your chins," t r y ROSS & SON'S
RAILWAY STROP AND RAZOR, and if Travellers, supply yourselves with t h e ROSSIAN DRESSING CASE,
which contains the largest number of conveniences i n t h e smallest compass.
                                                             .-.               -
         Address, ROSS & SONS, 119 and 120 Bishopsgate Street, London.

            J. I N ~ R W I C K ,                              1    R ALSABI COPAIBA, and                           a11 other
  68, PRINCES STREET, LEICESTER &IUBRE,                            IJ      medicines of a nauseous character, may now he
Begs t o announce that he has just received from the               taken w~thoutinconv~mence,by means of the PATENT
Continent a large and well selected Stock of                       ORGANIC CAPSULES. These Capsules w ~ l he     l found
                                                                   superior to those made rvich Gelatine. They remain
     PURE MEERSCHAUM PIPES,)'                                      entire until they have passed through the stomach into
Warranted of the finest quality and most approved                  the intestines; and the medicine heine efficientlv
shanes.                                                            brouelit in contact with the oreans it is-intended to
~NDERWICK~S     REGISTERED HYDRAULIC TUBE,                         affecc the usual nausea and undeasant eructations are
  The latest improvement in Smoking. 2s. tid each.                 avoided. E V A N S& LESCAEE,London, Patentees;
WHOLESALE A N D RETAIL WAREHOUSE, f o r                            and aU Med~cineVendors throughout the kingdom.
  every description of Smoking Apparatus, 58,
  PRINCES STREET, ~ ~ C B S T ESQUARE.
                                U                                             *** Ask for the Patent Flexible Capsules.
