616            THE PERSONBL HISTORY AND         EXPERIENCE

    I t was Mr. Peggotty. An old man now, but in a ruddy, hearty, strong
old age. M'hen our first emotion was over, and he sat before the fire
with the children on his lmees, and the blaze shining on his face, he
looked, to me, as vigorous and robust, withal as handsome, an old man,
as ever I had seen.
    " Mas'r Davy," said he. And the old name in the old tone fell so
naturally on my ear ! " Mas'r Davy, 'tis a joyful hour as I see you, once
more, 'long with your own trew wife 1 "
    " A joyful hour indeed, old friend! " cried I.
    " And these beer pretty ones," said Mr. Peggotty. " To look at these
heer flowers ! Why, Mas'r Davy, you was but the heighth of the littlest of
these, when I first see you ! When Em'ly warn't no bigger, and our poor
lad were but a lad ! "
    " Time has changed me more than it has changed you since then," said
I. " But, let these dear rogues go to bed ; and as no house in England but
this must hold you, tell me where to send for your luggage (IS the old
 black bag among it, that went so far, I wonder !), and then, over a glass of
Yarmouth grog, we will have the tidings of ten years ! "
    " Are you alone ? " asked Agnes.
    " Yes, ma'am," he said, kissing her hand, " quite alone."
    We sat him between us, not knowing how to give him welcome
enough ; and as I began to listen to his old familiar voice, I could have
 fancied he was still pursuing his long journey in search of his darling
 niece.
     " I t 'S a mort of water," said Mr. I'eggotty, " fur to come across, and
on'y stay a matter of fower weeks. But water ('specially when 'tis salt)
 comes nat'ral to me; and friends is dear, and I am ]leer.-Which is
verse," said Mr. Peggotty, surprised to find it out, " though I hadn't such
intentions."
     " Are you going back those many thousand miles, so soon?" asked
Agnes.
     " Yes, ma'am," he returned. "I giv the promise to Em'ly, afore I
come away. You see, I doen't grow younger as the years comes round,
and if I hadn't sailed as 'twas, most like I shouldn't never have done 't.
And it 'S allus been on my mind, as I ~ r ~ ucome
                                                st   and see Mas'r Davy and
your own sweet blooming self, in your wedded happiness, afore I got to
be too old."
    H e looked at us, as if he could never feast his eyes on us sufficiently.
Agnes laughingly put back some scattered locks of his grey hair, that he
might see us better.
    "And now tell us," said I, " everything relating to your fortunes."
    " Our fortuns, Mas'r Davy," he rejoined, " is soon told. We haven't
fared nohows, but fared to thrive. We 've allus thrived. mJe 've worked
as we ought to 't, and maj-be we lived a leetle hard at first or so, but we
have allus thrived. What with sheep-farming, and what with stock-
farming, and what with one thing and what with t'other, we are as well to
do, as well could be. Theer 'S been kiender a blessing fell upon us," said
Mr. Peggotty, reverentially inclining his head, " and we 've done nowt
but prosper. That is, in the long run. If not yesterday, why then to-day.
I f not to-day, why then to-morrow."
