10                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                 -     -- -.-          --        - -




AN INSTANT RELIEF AND A RAPID CURE OF ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION,
   COUGHS, COLDS, AND ALL DISORDERS O F THE BREATH AND LUNGS,
                                                  ARE INSURED BY

D R . LOCOCK'S P U L M O N I C W A F E R S .
     \"Sntall booh, conta6ting many hzmdrecls of properly authenticated (restimonials, may be
                                             had from every Agent.
  Surprising Cure of Asthma of Ten
           Years' Standing.
   Sir,-I have for the last ten years beenamicted with                17,   Church.lane, Hull, October 13,1847.
a n asthma, during which time I have tried every
known remedy, and have had the hest medical advice
           for me t o get. I n fact, 1 have spent from
      to ;650 on medical advice alone, and all to no
avail; and I gave up all hopes of ever having the
disease removed, until I was recommellded to try
Dr. Locock's Wafers. 1 purchased two small boxes
and one large one, three months since, by which I
am now perfectly cured, and beg to return many
thanks &c.           (Signed)    HENRY BISHTON.
  ~ a r c 20,
           b 1846, Prbnces-end, Tipton.
To Mr. John J. Williams, Chemist, Tipton.
   TO SINGERS AND PUBLIC SPEAKERS they are invaluable, as in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
   They have a pieasant taste. Price 1s. lid., 2s. 9d., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS: DA SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.




                             PRICE, Is. 16d., 2s. gd., and 11s. per box.
                          The only Medicine recommyxied to be
                                      taken b y Females.
                                BEWARE O F IMITATIONS I
                          Unprincipled Persons Counterfelt thls medi-
                          cine in the form of PILLS,&o. Purchasers
                          must therefore observe that none are Gen-
                          uine but "WAFERS " and that thy, words
                                  " DR. L O C O C ~ ~WAFERS
                                                     S
                          are in the Stamp outside each Box.
                           O ~ s ~ ~ v ~ . - - T hare
                                                   e rvarious
                                                      e       Counterfeit MecEioiaes,
                             having words on the Stamp so NEARLY RESEIBLING
                             THESE, as to mislead the v,nu.ary.          Purchasers
                             must therefore strictly observe the above Caution.
                            Prepared only by the Propr~etor'sAgents, DA SILVA & GO.,
                          1, Brlde Lane, Fleet S t ,
                                                  London. Sold by all MedicineVendors.
    They FORTIFY the CONSTITUTION at all PERIODS of LIFE, and I N ALL
SERVOUS AFFECTIONS act like a Charm. They remove REAVIXUESS, FATIGUE
ON SLLGRT EXERTION, PALPITATION OF THE BEART, LOWNESS OF
SPIEILTS, WEAXNESS, and ALLAY PAIN.
    They create Appetite, and remove INDIGESTION, HEART-BURN, WIND,
HEAD-ACHES, GIDDINESS, &O.
   In HYSTERICAL DISEASES, a proper perseverance in the use of this Medicine
will be found to effect a cure after all other means have failed.
                           ","  Full Directions are given with every Box.
     NOTE.-These Wafers do not contain any Mineral, and may be taken either dissolved in water,
or whole.
