320            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 thought to have gone, but he was hiding. Doen't stay, Mas'r Davy,
 doen't ! "
      I felt Peggotty's arm round my neck, but I could not have moved if the
 house had been about to fall upon me.
      " A strange chay and horses was outside town, this morning, on the

 Norwich road, a'most afore the day broke," Ham went on. " The
 servant went to it, and come from it, and went to it again. When he
 went to it again, Em'ly was nigh him. The t'other u-as inside. He's
 the man."
      "For the Lord's love," said Mr. Peggotty, falling back, and putting out
 his hand, as if to keep off what he dreaded. " Doen't tell me his name's
 Steerforth ! "
      " Mas'r Davy," exclaimed Ham, in a broken voice, "it ain't no fault of

 yourn-and I a m far from layingof it to yon-but his name is Steerforth,
 and he 's a damned villain ! "
      Mr. Peggotty uttered no cry, and shed no tear, and moved no more,
 until he seemed to wake again, all at once, and pulled dorvn his rough
 coat from its peg in a corner.
      " Bear a hand with this !  I ' m struck of a heap, and can't do it," he
said, impatiently. " Bear a hand, and help me. Well ! " when somebody
had done so. "Now give me that theer hat ! "
      Ham asked him whither he was going.
      " I 'm a going to seek my niece.      I ' m a going to seek my Em'ly.
I ' m a going, first, to stave in that theer boat, and sink it where I would
have drownded him, as I ' m a livin' soul, if I had had one thought of
what was in him ! As he sat afore me," he said, wildly, holding out his
clenched right hand, " as he sat afore me, face to face, strike me down
dead, but I 'd have drownded him, and thought it right !-I 'm a going to
seek my niece."
      " Where ? " cried Ham, interposing himself before the door.

      " Anywhere ! I 'm a going to seek my niece through the wureld. I 'm
a going to find my poor niece in her shame, and bring her back. No one
stop me ! I tell you I 'm a going to seek my niece ! "
      " No, no ! " cried Mrs. Gummidge, coming between them, in a fit of
crying. "No, no, Dan'l, not as you are now. Seek her in a llttle while,
my lone lorn Dan'i, and that '11 be but right ; but not as you are now.
Sit ye down, and give me your forgiveness for having ever been a worrit
to you, Dan'l-what have ray contrairies ever been to this !-and let us
speak a word about them times when she was first an orphan, and when
Ilam was too, and when I was a poor widder woman, and you took me in.
I t 1' 1 soften your poor heart, Dan'l," laying her head upon his shoulder,
" and you'll bear your sorrow better; for you know the promise, Dan'l,

'As you have done it unto one of the least of these, you have done it unto
me ' ; and that can never fail under this roof, that 's been our shelter for
so many, many year ! "
    I-Ie was quite passive now ; and when I heard him crying, the impulse
that had been upon me to go down upon my knees, and ask their pardon
for the desolation I had caused, and curse Steerforth, yielded to a better
feeling. My overcharged heart found the same relief, and I cried too.
