                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

    I picture my small self in the dimly-lighted rooms, sitting with my
head upon my hand, listening to the doleful performance of Mr. Mell, and
conning to-morrow's lessons. I picture myself with my books shut up,
still listening to the doleful performance of Mr. Mell, and listening through
i t to what used to be at home, and to the blowing of the wind on
Yarmouth flats, and feeling very sad and solitary. I picture myself
going u p to bed, among the unused rooms, and sitting on my bed-side
crying for a comfortable word from Peggotty. I picture myself coming
down stairs in the morning, and looking through a long ghastly gash
of a staircase-window, at the school-bell hanging on the top of an
outhouse, with a weathercock above it ; and dreading the time when it
shall ring J. Steerforth and the rest to work : which is only second, in my
foreboding apprehensions, to the time when the man with the wooden leg
shall unlock the rusty gate to give admission to the awful Mr. Creakle.
I cannot think I was a very dangerous character in any of these aspects,
but in all of them I carried the same warning on my back.
    Mr. Me11 never said much to me, but he was never harsh to me. I
suppose we were company to each other, without talking. I forgot to
mention that he would talk to himself sometimes, and grin, and clench his
fist, and grind his teeth, and pull his hair in an unaccountable manner.
But he had these peculiarities : and at first they frightened me, though I
soon got used to them.




                             CHAPTER TI.
              I ENLARGE MY CIRCLE OF ACQUAINTANCE.

   I HAD led this life about a month, when the man with the wooden leg
began to stump about with a mop and a bucket of water, from which I
inferred that preparations were making to receive Mr. Creakle and the
boys. I was not mistaken; for the mop came into the schoolroom before
long, and turned out Mr. Me11 and me, who lived where we could, and
got on how we could, for some days, during which we were always in
the way of two or three young women, who had rarely shown themselves
before, and were so continually in the midst of dust that I sneezed almost
as much as if Salem House had been a great snuff-box.
   One day I was informed by Mr. Mell, that Mr. Creakle would be home
that evening. I n the evening, after tea, I heard that he was come. Before
bed-time, I was fetched by the man with the wooden leg to appear
before him.
   Mr. Creakle's part of the house was a good deal more comfortable than
ours, and he had a snug bit of garden that looked pleasant after the dusty
playground, which was such a desert in miniature, that I thought no one
but a camel, or a dromedary, could have felt at home in it. I t seemed to
me a bold thing even to take notice that the passage looked comfortable,
as I went on my way, trembling, to Mr. Creakle's presence : which so
