                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                        9




 PERFECT FREEDOM FROM COUGHS IN TEN MINUTES,
                       AND INSTANT RELIEF AND A R A P I D CURE O F

          ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION, COUGHS, COLDS,
                                                           AND

                 ALL     DISORDERS               OF THE           B R E A T H A N D LUNGS,
                                                  ARE INSURED BY


 DR. LOCOCK'S P U L M O N I C W A F E R S . ,
    &++* Snzall books, coorttwLorting many hu+zdreds of properly authenticated Testimorzials, may be
                                          had from evely Agent.


            THE POLLOWING ARE A FEW LETTERS WHICH HAVE JUST BEEN RECEIVED                            :-
        Cure of 5 0 years' Asthma.                          I          Important to all who Sing.
 B.~tractof a letter from Mr. J. Cunningham, farmer,        1   From S. Pearsall, Eq.,Her Majesty's Concerts, and
               Ardingly, near Brighton.                                    Vicar Choral of LichJeld Cathedral.
  Sir,-1 feel it a duty incumbent on me to inform                                             Lichfield, July 10, 1848.
you, for the beneat of others similarly affiicted,of the           Gentlemen,--A lady of distinction, having pointed
astonishing relief afforded to my wife by Dr. Locock's          out to me the qualities of Dr. Locock's Wafers, I was
Wafers.                                                         induced to make a trial of a box, and from this trial I
  She was affected with confirmed asthma for fifty              am happy to give my testimonial in their favour. I
years, from which her SufPerings were dreadful. She             6nd by allowing a few of the wafers (taken in the
was recommended last winter by a friend to try the              course of the day) to gradually dissolve in the mouth,
wafers; she didso, and the effect was truly astonish-           my voice become bright and clear, and the tone full
ing; indeed, the first box gave her immediate relief.           and distinct. They are decidedly the most effi~adons
               (Signed)          J. CUNNINGHAM.                 Of any I have ever used.
Witness, Mr.W. W. Payne, 18, North Street, Brighton.                                                  S. PEARSALL.

   T O S I N G E R S A N D PUSLIC S P E A K E R S they are invaluable, as in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
   They have a pleasant taste. Price 1s. I@., 2s. 9d., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS  : DA SILVA & GO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.




                             PRICE, Is. l:d., 2s. gd., and 11s. per box.
                           The Only Medicine recommended to be
                                          taken by Females !
                                    B E W A R E OF IMITATIONS!
                          Unprincipled Persons Counterfeit this medi-
                          cine in the form of PILLS &c. Purchasers
                          must therefore observe t d t none are Gen-
                          uine buz " W A F E R S , ~and that thy, words
                                        DR. LOCOCK'S W A F E Z Z S
                           are in the Stamp outside each Box.
                            OBSERVE.-There are various Countgrfeit Mediohes,
                             havztzg words on the Stamp so NEARLY RESEMBLING
                             THESE, as to mislead the unwary.       Purchasers
                             must therefore strictly observe the above Caution.
                             Prepared only by the Propnetor's Agents, DA SILVA & CO.,
                           1, Bride Lane, Fleet S t , London.Sold by all MedicineVendors.
