44            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

walk in the garden for half an hour and no longer ; and retired, leaving
the door open, that I might avail myself of that permission.
    I did so, and did so every morning of my imprisonment, which lasted
five days. If I could have seen my mother alone, I should have gone
 down on my knees to her and besought her forgiveness; but I saw no one,
Miss Murdstone excepted, during the whole time-except at evening
prayers in the parlor; to which I was escorted by Miss &turdstone after
 everybody else was placed; where I was stationed, a young outlaw, all
 alone by myself near the door; and whence I was solemnly conducted by
my jailer, before anyone arose from the devotional posture. I only
 observed that my mother was as far off from me as she could be, and kept
her face another way so that I never saw it; and that Mr. $turdstone's
hand was bound up in a large linen wrapper.
    The length of those five days I can convey no idea of to any one.
They occupy the place of years in my remembrance. The way in which
I listened to all the incidents of the house that made themselves audible
to me; the ringing of bells, the opening and shutting of doors, the
murmuring of voices, the footsteps on the stairs; to any laughing,
whistling, or singing, outside, which seemed more dismal than anything
else to me in my solitude and disgrace-the uncertain pace of the hours,
especially at night, when I would wake thinking it was morning, and
find that the family were not yet gone to bed, and that all the length of
night had yet to come-the depressed dreams and nightmares I had-the
return of day, noon, afternoon, evening, when the boys played in the
churchyard, and I watched them from a distance within the room, being
ashamed to show myself at the window lest they should know I was a
prisoner-the       strange sensation of never hearing myself speak-the
fleeting intervals of something like cheerfulness, which came with eating
and drinking, and went away with it-the setting in of rain one evening,
with a fresh smell, and its coming down faster and faster between me
and the church, until it and gathering night seemed to quench me in
gloom, and fear, and remorse-all this appears to have gone round and
round for years instead of days, it is so vividly and strongly stamped on
my remembrance.
    On the last night of my restraint, I was awakened by hearing my own
name spoken in a whisper. I started up in bed, and putting out my arms
in the dark, said :
    " I s that you, Peggotty ? "
   There was no immediate answer, but presently I heard my name again,
in a tone so very mysterious and awful, that I think I should have gone
into a fit, if it had not occurred to me that it must have come through the
keyhole.
    I groped my way to the door, and putting my own lips to the keyhole,
whispered :
    " I s that you, Peggotty, dear?"
    "Yes, my own precious Davy," she replied. "Be as soft as a mouse,
or the Cat '11 hear us."
   I understood this to mean Miss Murdstone, and was sensible of the
urgency of the case ; her room being close by.
    " How's mama, dear Peggotty ?       Is she very angry with me? "
