                                                                      No. VII1.-DECEMBER, 1849.

     COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
                                     MR, COLBURN
WILL SHORTLY PUBLISH THE FOLLOWING NEW AND INTERESTING WORKS.

                                                         I.

      L I V E S OF T H E P R I N C E S S E S O F ENGLAND.
                                  FROM THE NORMAN CONQUEST.
                                     BY MRS. EVERETT GREEN.
           Editor of the "Letters of Royal andIllustrious Ladies."   2 vols.   with Portraits, 21s. bound.
                                                 (Now Ready.)
    The very title of this work can scarcely fail t o bespeak for it a hearty welcome. Regal biographies, unfolding
the domestic life of thosewho are usually only seen through the veil of stately ceremonial, are always perused
with interest, particularly if their subjects have been comparatively unknown. The present series of Memoirs
comprises only one individual-Elizabeth, Queen of Bohemia, daughter of James I.-of whom no biography
has hitherto been published ; indeed, little more is generally known of the English Princesses than their names
and marriages. To bring t o light from the obscurity in which they have so long been involved, the private as
well a s public lives of these illustrious ladies, is the object of the present work. The biographies embrace
t h e most stirring periods of English history, and a s the marriages of these regal ladies carried them into
foreign lands, the readers will be introduced into almost every Court of Europe.
                                                        11.

                               T H E L I F E O F TASSO.
                                   BY THE REV. R. MILMAN. 2 vols.
                                                       111.

        E V E L Y N ' S D I A R Y AND C O R R E S P O N D E N C E .
           A New and Revised Edition i n 4 vols., price 10s. 66.each, uniform with "Pepys' Diary."
                                                       IV.
               THE LIFE AND REIGN OF CHARLES I.
                                             BY J. DISRAELI.
                   A New and Revised Edition, with a Preface by B. D I S R A E L I , M.P.
                         Two vols. avo, uniform with the " Curiosities of Literature."
                                                       V.

                   LONDON L I T E R A R Y SOCIETY
                       I N THE DAYS OF SAMUEL JOHNSON.
                                          ROSCOE.BY WILLIAM WEIR.
          From the Papers of the late HENRY                                                        2 ~01s.
                         VI   .                                                        IX.
          PRESTON TOWER;                                             A NEW WORK
                         OR,                                               BY MISS BREMER.
  THE EARLY DAYS OF CARDINAL WOLSEY.                           Translated from the unpublished Swedish MS.
     By the Rev. RICHARD COBBOLD.3 VOlS.                                    BY MARYHOWITT.
                                                                                       X.
                         VII.
                                                                 LEONARD NORMANDALE ;
              A NEW NOVEL.                                            OR, THE TWO BROTHERS.
    By the Author of "EMILIA WYNDHAM."                           By the Hon. C. STUARTSAVILE. 3 vob.


            THE PETREL.
                         ,111.




                A TALE O F T H E SEA.
                                                         I
                                                         1                  Also Now Readv.
                                                               PASSAGES IN THE LIFE OF
                                                              MRS. MARGARET MAITLAND.
        By a NAVAL OFFICER. 3 vols.                I      Of Sunny Side. Written by Herself. 3 vols.
Now Ready, complete in Three Vols. royal svo, price 25s. each, bound, elegantly printed in double columns.
   uniform with the Author's popular Peerage," and " Baronetage," comprising a quantity of matter equal
   to 40 ordinary volumes-
         BURKE'S HISTORY OF T H E LANDED GENTRY;
A Genealogical Dictionary of the whole of the Untitled Aristocracy of England, Xcotland, and Ireland.
  Comprising particulars respecting 100,000 individuals connected with the various Eminent Families, and
forming a companion t o all Peerages.
  "A National work, in which every gentleman will finda domestic interest, as it contains the f ~ l l e s account
                                                                                                          t
Of every known family in the United Kingdom. I t is a dictionary of all names, families, and their Origins-
of every man's neighbour and friend, if not of his own relatives and immediate connections."-Messanger.
                       HENRY COLBURN, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough-street.
