                  3EQQna$trdbB~
               @@kt                                       ~ r tor
                                                               n k;.@E ~ ~ a u l l a w ~ ~
    Uniformly printed in square 16mo. handsomely bound in cloth, price 28.6d. each.
                                                  P




                                          STRATAGEMS.
                   By MRS. NEWTON CROSLAND, (late CAMILLATOULMIN.)
       " A sweet tale, penned in a fair mood, and such as will make a rare gift for s child."-Sun.
                                                    -
                        " T H E ADVENTURES OF A DANCING DOG;"
             PIPPIE'S WARNING; or, Mind your Temper.
                   By CATHERINE CROWE, Author of "Susan Hopley," &c.
                "A capital story."-Athen~um.        "   This is a capital child's book."-Scotsman.



                                       MY OLD PUPILS.
      *,'  The former work of this Author, "MY SCHOOLBOY   DAYS,"has attained great
    popularity, upwards of ten thousand copies having been circulated i n this country
    alone.

                                      Third Edition, with gilt edges,
                STORIES FROM T H E GOSPELS.
                       By MRS. LYNCH, Author of "Maude Effingham," &c.


                                      With Plates on Steel, price 3s.
                         HOW TO W I N LOVE;
                                        OR, RHODA'S LESSON.

      &lt;' A    very captivating story."-Morniny    Post.
      ' I   Truthfulness, descr~ptivetalent, and pure morality in every line."-Literary      Gazette.
            Just what a story for children ought to be."-Douglas Jerrold'o Newspaper.


                                                 In the Press,
                                  PLEASANT PASTIME ;
      Or, DRAWING ROOM DRAMAS, for Private Representation by the Young.


                      I n fcap. 8vo. price 5s. cloth gilt, illustrated by FRANKLIN,

                                           COLA MONTI;
                OR, T H E STORY OF A GENIUS. A TALE FOR BOYS.
                          By the Author of " Hour to Win Love," &c.
      "We heartily commend it as delightful holiday reading."-Critic.
      " A lively narrative of school-boy adventures."
      " A very charming and admirably writlen volume. It IS adapted to make boys Better."
      " A simple and pleasing btory of school-boy life."-John Ball.


                           I n 18mo. price 1s. 6d. cloth, with Frontispiece,

                               MY YOUNG COMPANIONS.
                  By the Author of " M y School-boy Days," "My Old Pupils."

                          A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
                    LONDON:                                  ROW.
b
