                                        ADVERTISEMENTS.

 ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY PERIODICAL FOR LADIES.
                                              ___e__
        Now ready, price lOs., bound i n an elegant cover, designed expressly for the Work,
                                   by H. N . HUYPHREYS,     Esq.,

                       THE FIRST VOLUME O F
       THE L A D I E S ' COMPANION
             ad @own@awl %bnaoa%
EMBELLISHED W I T H A GREAT NUMBER OF LARGE AND SMALL ENGRAVINGS ON WOOD ;
      And containing a variety of Contributionsfrom some of the most distinguished Writers ofthe day.
                   Published Weekly, price 3d., Stamped, 4d., and in Monthly Parts.
   Part IX, is now ready, price 1s. 2d., and may be had of all Booksellers.
                          OFFICE, 11, BOUVERIE STREET, F L E E T STREET.

                              NEW WORKS ON GARDENING.
                                              I_CI_

                      In a few days will be Published, neatly bound in Cloth,

   "HOW TO LAY OUT A SMALL GARDEN."
                  INTENDED AS A GUIDE T O AMATEURS
      In Choosing, Forming, or Improving a Place, (from a Quarter of an Acre to Thirty Acres in extent,)
                                 with reference to both Design and Execution.
                                      BY EDWARD KEMP,
                                   Landscape Gardener, Birkenhead Park.

                        Now ready, price 2s., boulzd in Cloth, for the Pocket,

  THE HAND-BOOK OF GARDENING ;
        Expressly intended for persons possessing, and fond of cultivating, a Garden of moderate size.
                                A New Edition, revised, and greatly enlarged.
                                      BY EDWARD KEMP.

               New Monthly Work by Joseph Paxton and Dr. Lindley.
                                               __t_
                             This day is published, price 2s. Fd., No. IX, of

PAXTON'S                                  FLOWER                               GARDEN.
                    EDITED BY JOSEPH PAXTON AND DR. LINDLEY.
           AND ILLUSTRATED BY HIGHLY FINISHED PLATES AND WOODCUTS
                     *,* Numbers I. to VIII. may bpprocured of any Bookseller.
                            BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET,

       T H E NEW SERIES OF ROYAL FEMALE BIOGRAPHIES.
                                               +
    LIVES OF THE QUEENS OF SCOTLAND,
                          AND E N G L I S I I PRINCESSES
               CONNECTED W I T H T H E REGAL SUCCESSION OF GREAT BRITAIN.
                                  BY AGNES STRICKLAND,
                                Author of "Lives of the Queens of England."
  This Series will be comprised in Six Volumes post 8v0, uniform in size with t h e LIVE^ OR T H E QUEENS
O F ENQLAN~,"    embellished with Portraits and Engraved Title-pages.
   Vol. I. will be published in October containing the Lives of MARCARET     TUDOR.Queen of James IV..
MAQDALENE      OF FRANCE, first Queen bf James V. ; MARY OF LORRAINE,     second Queen of Jarnes V., a n d
Mother of Queen Mary.
                               Price 10s. 6d., handsomely bound in cloth.
                        Volume 11. will be published early in 1851.
                 WILLIAM BLACKWOOD AND SONS, EDINBURGH AND LONDON.
