                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   "  The silver will be the brighter when it comes," said I.
   " The very thing we say ! " cried Traddles.         " You see, my dear

 Copperfield," falling again into the low confidential tone, " after I had
 delivered my argument in DOE dem JIPESvemus WIGZELL,which did
 me great service with the profession, I went down into Devonshire, and
 had some serious conversation in private with the Reverend I-Iorace. I
 dwelt upon the fact that Sophy-who I do assure you, Copperfield, is the
dearest girl ! -"
   " I am certain she is ! " said I.

   " She is, indeed ! " rejoined Traddles. 'c But I am afraid I am wander-
ing from the subject. Did I mention the Reverend Horace ? "
   " You said that you dwelt upon the fact -"
   " True ! Upon the fact that Sophy and I had been engaged for a long
period, and that Sophy, with the permission of her parents, was more
than content to take me-in short," said Traddles, with his old frank smile,
" on our present Britannia-metal footing. Very well. I then proposed
to the Reverend Horace-who is a most excellent clergyman, Copperfield,
and oughl to be a Bishop ; or at least ought to have enough to live upon,
without pinching himself-that if I could turn the corner, say of two
hundred and fifty pounds, in one year ; and could see my way pretty clearly
to that, or something better, next year; and could plamly furnish a little
place like this, besides ; then, and in that case, Sophy and I should be
united. I took the liberty of representing that we had been patient for a
good many years; and that the circumstance of Sophy's being extraor-
dinarily useful at home, ought not to operate, with her affectionate parents,
against her establishment in life-don't you see?"
   " Certainly it ought not,"   said I.
   " I am glad you think so, Copperfield," rejoined Traddles, " because,

without any imputation on the Reverend Horace, I do think parents,
and brothers, and so forth, are sometimes rather selfish in sucli cases.
Well ! I also pointed out, that my most earnest desire was, to be useful
to the family ; and that if I got on in the world, and anything should
happen to him-I refer to the Reverend Horace-"
   " I understand,"    said I.
   " -Or    to Mrs. Crewler-it mould be the utmost gratification of my
wishes, to be a parent to the girls. He replied in a most admirable manner,
exceedingly flattering to my feelings, and undertook to obtain the consent
of Mrs. Crewier to this arrangement. They had a dreadful time of it
with her. I t mounted from her legs into her chest, and then into her
head-"
   "What mounted ? " I asked.
   " Her grief,"   replied Traddles, with a serious look. "Her feelings
generally. As I mentioned on a former occasion, she is a very superior
woman, but has lost the use of her limbs. Whatever occurs to harass
her, usually settles in her legs; but on this occasion it mounted to the
chest, and then to the head, and, in short, pervaded the whole system
in a most alarming manner. However, they brought her through it by
unremitting and affectionate attention; and we were married yesterday
six weeks. You have no idea what a Monster I felt, Copperfield, when
saw the whole family crying and fainting away in every direction ! Mrs.
