              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE




                            CHAPTER LIX.
                                 RETURN.

    I LANDED in London on a wintry autumn evening. I t was dark ancl
raining, and I saw more fog and mud in a minute than I had seen in a
year. I walked from the Custom I-Iouse to the iblonument before I found
a coach; and although the very house-fronts, looking on the swollen
gutters, were like old friends to me, I could not but admit that they were
very dingy friends.
    I have often remarked-I suppose everybody has-that one's going
away from a familiar place, would seem to be the signal for change in it.
As I looked O L I ~ of the coach-window, and observed that an old house on
Fish-street Hill, which had stood untouched by painter, carpenter, or
bricklayer, for a century, had been pulled down in my absence ; and that
a neigl~bouringstreet, of time-honored insalubrity and inconvenience, was
being drained and widened; I half expected to find St. Paul's Cathedral
looking older.
   For some changes in the fortunes of my friends, I was prepared.
My aunt had long been re-established at Dover, and Traddles had begun
to get into some little practice at the Bar, in the very first term after
my departure. He had chambers in Gray's Inn, now; and had told me,
in his last letters, that he was not without hopes of being soon united to
the dearest girl in the world.
    They expected me home before Christmas; but had no idea of my
returning so soon. I had purposely niisled them, that I might have the
pleasure of taking them by surprise. And yet, I was perverse enough to
feel a chill and disappointment in receiving no welcome, and rattling,
alone and silent, through the misty streets.
    The well-know11 shops, however, with their cheerful lights, did some-
thing for me; and when I alighted at the door of the Gray's Inn Coffee-
house, I had recovered my spirits. I t recalled, at first, that so-different
time when I had put up at the Golden Cross, and reminded me of the
changes that had come to pass since then ; but that was natural.
    "Do you know where Mr. Traddles lives in the Inn P " I asked the
waiter, as I warmed myself by the coffee-room fire.
    " I-Iolborn Court, sir. Number two."
    " Mr. Traddles has a rising reputation among the lawyers, I believe? "
 said I.
    " Well, sir," returned the waiter, "probably he has, sir; but I am not

 aware of it myself'."
    This waiter, who was middle-aged and spare, looked for help to a
 waiter of more authority-a stout, potential old man, with a double-chin,
 in black breeches and stockings, who came out of a place like a church-
