                          OP DAVID COPPERFIELD.                               u


  tidings of his death reached home, within ten years. How they affected
  my aunt, nobody knew; for immediately upon the separation, she took
 her maiden name again, bought a cottage in a hamlet on the sea-coast a
 long way off, established herself there as a single woman with one servant,
 and was understood to live secluded, ever afterwards, in an inflexible
 retirement.
     My father had once been a favorite of hers, I believe; but she was
 mortally affronted by his marriage, on the ground that my mother was
 " a wax doll."     She had never seen my mother, but she knew her to be
 not yet twenty. My father and Miss Betsey never met again. H e was
 double my mother's age when he married, and of but a delicate constitu-
 tion. H e died a year afterwards, and, as I have said, six months before I
 came into the world.
     This was the state of matters, on the afternoon of, what I may be
 excused for calling, that eventful and important Friday. I can make no
 claim therefore to have known, at that time, how matters stood ; or to have
 any remembrance, founded on the evidence of my own senses, of what
 follows.
     My mother was sitting by the fire, but poorly in health, and very low
 in spirits, looking at it through her tears, and desponding heavily about
 herself and the fatherless little stranger, who was already welcomed by some
 grosses of prophetic pins, in a drawer up-stairs, to a world not at all excited
on the subject of his arrival; my mother, I say, was sitting by the fire,
that bright, windy March afternoon, very timid and sad, and very doubtful
of ever coming alive out of the trial that was before her, when, lifting her
eyes as she dried them, to the window opposite, she saw a strange lady
coming up the garden.
    My mother had a sure foreboding at the second glance, that it was Miss
Betsey. The setting sun was glowing on the strange lady, over the
garden-fence, and she came walking up to the door with a fell rigidity
of figure and composure of countenance that could have belonged to
nobody else.
    When she reached the house, she gave another proof of her identity.
My father had often hinted that she seldom conducted herself like any
ordinary Christian; and now, instead of ringing the bell, she came and
looked in at that identical window, pressing the end of her nose against
the glass to that extent, that my poor dear mother used to say it became
perfectly flat and white in a moment.
    She gave my mother such a turn, that I have always been convinced I
am indebted to Miss Betsey for having been-born on a Friday.
    My mother had left her chair in her agitation, and gone behind it in
the corner. Miss Betsey, looking round the room, slowly and enquiringly,
began on the other side, and carried her eyes on, like a Saracen's Head in
a Dutch clock, until they reached my mother. Then she made a frown
and a gesture to my mother, like one who was accustomed to be obeyed,
to come and open the door. My mother went.
    " Mrs. David Copperfield, I think,"      said Miss Betsey ; the emphasis
referring, perhaps, to my mother's mourning weeds, and her condition.
    " Yes," said my mother, faintly.
                                       B 2
