                   A PRACTICAL TREATISE ON fUSICAL COMPOSITION.
                                                                             than ever, that the reviewer, upon taking up a new book
                                                                                       such profession, opens it with a feeling bordering
                                                                             npon prejudice against it, so certain does he feel of once
                                                                             again meeting with disappointment. I t is, therefore, with a
this conscientious writer.
                             -                                         I/    heightened degree of pleasure we place before our readers a
                                                                             recommendation of G. W. Rohner's work, for it fulflls its
                                                                             promise. It is a small quarto volume, containing 156 pages
    Prom the IZlustrated London News, 30th Dec., 1848.                       of letterpress and music, excellently printed, and has been
   We have received frequent applications from amateurs and                 corrected with peculiar care, a circumstance of the highest
students, to mention the best standard works on composition,                importance in theoretical works. I t was our first intention
and we have recommended the theoretical writings of Al-                     to have gone into an elaborate analytical review of this
brechtsberger, Schueider, G. Weber, AbhO Vogler, Choron,                    treatise, hut were soon after stopped by finding how much
Reicha, Cheruhini, Rameau, &c.. to our applicants; but, for                 could he said upon every part, that to do justice to all would
a lucid compilation of the principles of the great theorists, we            far outrun the space a newspaper can afford for any single
have searched in vain. The appearance of the volume now                     wvork We must, in consequence, content ourselves by giving
before us will he of the greatest service to the teacher, and of            it our hearty recommendation not only to the student in
inestimable value to the student. The work has the signature                music, but to the professor. The first will obtain by its aid a
of a German; hut, in his preface he acknowledges the assist-                vast store of practical information; the latter find things
ance 'L of a n English gentleman: who was not only a sound                  there set down i n a new light that will a t least revive aIl he
musician, hut of literary attainments." Mr. Rohner regrets                  has before studied, if not create in his mind entirely fresh
that he is not permitted to publish his coadjutor's name ; and              views in the application of the science of music.
this regret will be shared by those readers of the work who                                             -
will participate in tho value of its principles, as much for
acquiring as for inspiring knowledge. Mr. Rohner commences                       From the Manchester Courier, 13th January, 1849.
with scales and intervals; and then treats of melody, and its                  This new theory seems to have taken tlie musical world by
accentuation according to time and measure. The third                       surprise-the London press teeming with its praise; some
chapter, on harmony and chordn, is extremely well treated                   going so far as to assert that it must become the national
The hints on the construction of elaborate instrumental com-                manual of music to the teacher, and more especially to him
positions are admirablc; and the supplementary chapters on                  who has to toil in the path of self-instruction. Mr Rtjhner
harmony, in two, three, and more than four parts, and on the                is a German, hut has had the assistance of an English literary
composition of vocal music, are clear and full in explanation,              and musical gentleman, thus giving all the German erudition
and the examples well chosen and appropriate. Much time and                 upon the subject, without the crudity and obscurity which
trouble inay be spared to the pupil who carefully studies this              more or less belong to a translation. We are happy in being
new treatise, which will he an easy introduction to the more                able to add our commendation to that of our contemporaries
voluminous works of tlie great theorists. The work has been                 of the London press; feeling convinced than any work which
got up with great care, and is printed in large bold type.                  will exite a study for the theory of music, instead of the nn-
                             -                                              meaning practice which we find too often aimed a t alone, has
                                                                            conferred an intellectual boon npon the country-has given
                 From the Critic, 1st Jan. 1849.
   A thoronehlv oractical treatise on musical comnosition. or
rathe~we~&o;lk s a g on the theory of music, foiits compo-
                                                                   1        the means for a n elevating, a rational, and most desirable
                                                                            exercise of the mind.
                                                                                                        -
sition is not to be tnlciht ;it must come from within. If Mr.                 From the Morniag Chronicle, 16th J a n , 1849.
Rihner had termed i t musical ezpression he would have been
more strictly correct. for his purpose is to teach the manner            Whatever doubt may exist of an absolute necessity for this
of putting a musical h e a into the form of music. I t is pro-        production, on account ofthe paucity or inefficiency of those
fusely illustrated, and will, no doubt, he studied with great         which already exist, we nevertheless hope that Mr Rohner's
advantage by composers, whether professional or amateur.              work will do service to the progress of real n~usicalscience
                             -                                        as well as musical taste, in this country. bv stimulatine
                                                                   11 demand for musical education more sbund and solid-in
           From the Morning Herdd, Jan. 8, 1849.                      system, ab Cliitio, than that which is now but too often
                                                                      bestowed-a system which, while it may impart a certain
   Mr. Ri5hner publishes this treatise because he believes that       amount of dexterity in execution within a limited ranee. thus
 a practical book upon the theory of music "remained a
desideratum;" that is. there has either heen, On the one
                                                                      furnibhing the material for superficial display befo& par-     a
                                                                      tial and probably unskiiled audience, yet often leaves the
hand, too much compression, or, on the other, too much                pupil, after a five or seven years' course of nominal instrnc-
diffuseness. "Reflect~onon this," he adds, "grew a t length           tion, with exactly the same amount of knowledge in the true
into a desire to attempt to supply a work that should a t Once        principles of music as at the beginnin&
assist the teacher and render easier the task of those who
have to toil in the path of self-instruction." Without coin-                                            -
 ciding in the impression that animates Mr. Rbhner as to the                            From the Mor9aing Post, 25th Jan., 1849.
general iinavailable character of the thousand elementary                       BIr, n8hner,s purpose, in publishing this work, has been to
treatises which have issued from the press, we may give him
the credit of having produced a very serviceable volume for                 supply the musical student with a compendium of theoretical
those who are about to study the theoretical                  of            instructions, in which, whilst avoiding the diuseness and
the art, and there can be no doubt that it is one of the best               speculativeness of the larger treatises, no branch of the suh-
in existence as regards pian, development, and illustration,                ject should be left unnoticed, or insufficiently explained. 1n
The letter-press ,,,hich accompanies   the chapters is the                  this we think he has succeeded. His book unites the quali-
tribution of an                   who, possessed of the requi-               ties of perspicuity and conciseness, and is evidently the work
site knowledge, aided the author in completing the wish that                of One Competent to teach, and t h o r o u g ~  conversant with
                                                                            the labours of those who have preceded him. Evolving no
the work should be brought out in this country. ~h~ text
thus supplied is clear and pertinent, and though copious in
its details, exhibits no ostentatiousverbosity, while the tech-
                                                                   /        fanciful theorieq hut plainly and sensibly setting forth the
                                                                            pflnclples of musical composition as received by the majol?ty
nical spirit which necessarily pervades the elucidations is                 of professors, this treatise wilt no doubt be very gellerally
ably defined to meet the inquiries of the uninitiated. ~h~                  studied and approved The exercises recommended by ~ r .
rules are well enforced               a key to which is printed                        for the adaptation of hamonies to a given melody
                                                                            are excellent; the remarks on rhythm and the tonal s t r u o
in a separate volume.
                             -                                              ture of a musical composition very felicitous. The con-
                                                                            struction of elaborate compositions, preceded by a chapter of
                                                                            figurate writing, is the last matter treated of; observations o n
     From the Lady,s        paper, IBth January, 1849.                      the composition of vocal music being added in the form of a
   So many practical treatises on musical composition con-                  supplementary chapter. We may add, that a key to the
tinue to appear, all professing to accomplish the same end,                 exercises is published with the work, and, in conclusion, are
namely, to make that which has hitherto been deemed diE-                    happy to recommend it to the attention of all those who are
cult or obscure, easy and clear, hut generally leaving the                  desirous of acquiring a practical knowledge of the principles
reader in the end more perplexed and in deepex obscurity                    of musical composition



                  LONDON : LONGMAN, B R O W N , GREEN, & LONGMANS.
