               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE




                             CHAPTER 11.
                                I OBSERVE.

    THEfirst objects that assume a distinct presence before me, as I look
 far back, into the blank of my infancy, are my mother with her pretty
 hair and youthful shape, and Peggotty with no shape at all, and eyes so
 dark that they seemed to darken their whole neighbourhood in her face,
 and cheeks and arms so hard and red that I wondered the birds didn't
 peck her in preference to apples.
    I believe I can remember these two at a little distance apart, dwarfed
 to my sight by stooping down or kneeling on the floor, and I going
 unsteadily from the one to the other. I have an impression on my mind
 which I cannot distinguish from actual remembrance, of the touch of
 Peggotty's fore-finger as she used to hold it out to me, and of its being
 roughened by needlework, like a pocket nutmeg-grater.
    This may be fancy, though I think the memory of most of us can go
 farther back into such times than many of us suppose ; just as I believe
 the power of observation in numbers of very young children to be quite
 wonderful for its closeness and accuracy. Indeed, I think that most
 grown men who are remarkable in this respect, may with greater pro-
priety be said not to have lost the faculty, than to have acquired it ; the
rather, as I generally observe such men to retain a certain freshness, and
gentleness, and capacity of being pleased, which are also an inheritance
they have preserved from their childhood.
    I might have a misgiving that I am "meandering " in stopping to say
this, but that it brings me to remark that I build these conclusions, in
part upon my own experience of myself ; and if it should appear from any-
thing I may set down in this narrative that I was a child of close observa-
tion, or that as a man I have a strong memory of my childhood, I
undoubtedly lay claim to both of these characteristics.
   Looking back, as I was saying, into the blank of my infancy, the first
objects I can remember as standing out by themselves from a confusion of
things, are my mother and Peggotty. What else do I remember? Let
me see.
   There comes out of the cloud, our house-not new to me, but quite
familiar, in its earliest remembrance. On the ground-floor is Peggotty's
kitchen, opening into a back yard; with a pigeon-house on a pole, in the
centre, without any pigeons in it ; a great dog-kennel in a corner, without
any dog; and a quantity of fowls that look terribly tall to me, walking
about, in a menacing and ferocious manner. There is one cock who
gets upon a post to crow, and seems to take particular notice of me as I
look at him through the kitchen-window, who makes me shiver, he is so
fierce. Of the geese outside the side-gate who come waddling after me
with their long necks stretched out when I go that way, I dream at night :
as a man environed by wild beasts might dream of lions.
