 536           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 to the latter I say nothing) entirely to himself. That his last act, com-
 pleted but a few months since, was to induce Mr. W. to execute a relin-
 quishment of his share in the partnership, and even a bill of sale on the
 very furniture of his house, in consideration of a certain annuity, to be
 well and truly paid ~Y-HEEP-O~ the four common quarter-days in each
 and every year. That these meshes; beginning with alarming and falsified
 accounts of the estate of which Mr. W. is the receiver, at a period when
 Mr. W. had launched into imprudent and ill-judged speculations, and
 may not have had the money, for which he was morally and legally
 responsible, in hand; going on with pretended borrowings of money at
 enormous interest, really coming from-HEEP-and        by-H~~~-fraudn-
 lently obtained or withheld from Mr. W. himself, on pretence of such
 speculations or otherwise ; perpetuated by a miscellaneous catalogue of
 unscrupulous chicaneries-gradually thickened, until the unhappy Mr. W.
 could see no world beyond. Bankrupt, as he believed, alike in circum-
 stances, in all other hope, and in honor, his sole reliance was upon the
 monster in the garb of man,' "--Mr. Micawber made a good deal of this,
 as a new turn of expression,-" 'who, by making himself necessary to
 him, had achieved his destruction. All this I undertake to show.
Probably much more !' "
    I whispered a few words to Agnes, who was weeping, half joyfully,
half-sorrowfully, at my side; and there was a movement among ns, as if
Nr. Micawber had finished. He said, with exceeding gravity, "Pardon
me," and proceeded, with a mixture of the lowest spirits and the most
intense eiijoyment, to the peroration of his letter.
    " ' I have now concluded.    It, merely remains for me to substantiate
these accusations ; and then, with my ill-starred family, to disappear from
the landscape on which we appear to be an incnmbrance. That is soon
done. It may be reasonably inferred that our baby will first expire of
inanition, as being the frailest member of our circle; and that our twins
will follow next in order. So be it ! For myself, my Canterbury Pil-
grimage has done much; imprisonment on civil process, and want, will
soon do more. I trust that the labor and hazard of an investigation-of
which the smallest results have been slowly pieced together, in the pressure
of arduous avocations, nnder grinding penurious apprehensions, at rise of
morii, at dewy eve, in the shadows of night, under the watchful eye of one
whom it were superfluous to call Demon-combined with the struggle
of parental Poverty to turn it, when completed, to the right account, may
be as the sprinkling of a few drops of sweet water on my funereal pyre.
I ask no more. Let it be, in justice, merely said of me, as of a gallant
and eminent naval Hero, with whom I have no pretensions to cope, that
what I have done, I did, in despite of mercenary and selfish objects,
                      For England, home, and Beauty.
  " ' Remaining always, &c. &C., WILICIY~&~ICATVBICR.'"
  Much affected, but still intensely enjoying himself, Mr. Xicawber folded
up his letter, and handed it with a bow to my aunt, as something she
might like to keep.
  There was, as I had noticed on my first visit long ago, an iron safe in
the room. The key was in it. A hasiy suspicion seemed to strike Uiiah ;
