                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                          CHAPTER XXXV.
                               DEPRESSION.

   As soon as I could recover my presence of mind, which quite
deserted me in the first overpowering shock of my aunt's intelligence, I
proposed to Mr. Dick to come round to the chandler's shop, and take pos-
session of the bed which Mr. Yeggotty had lately vacated. The chandler's
shop being in Hungerford Market, and Hungerford Market being a very
different place in those days, there was a low wooden colonnade before the
door (not very unlike that before the house where the little man and woman
used to live, in the old weather-glass), which pleased Mr. Dick mightily.
The glory of lodging over this structure would have compensated him, I
dare say, for many inconveniences ; but, as there were really few to bear,
beyond the compound of flavors I have already mentioned, and perhaps
the want of a little more elbow-room, he was perfectly charmed with his
accommodation. Mrs. Crupp had indignantly assured him that there
wasn't room to swing a cat there; but, as Mr. Dick justly observed to
me, sitting down on the foot of the bed, nursing his leg, " You know,
Trotwood, I don't want to swing a cat. I never do swing a cat. There-
fore, what does that signify to me!"
   I tried to ascertain whether Mr. Dick had any understanding of the
causes of this sudden and great change in my aunt's affairs. As I might
have expected, he had none at all. The only account he could give of it,
was, that my aunt had said to him, the day before yesterday, " Now, Dick,
are you really and truly the philosopher I take you for? " That then he
had said, Yes, he hoped so. That then my aunt had said, " Dick, I am
ruined." That then he had said "Oh, indeed! " That then my aunt
had praised him highly, which he was very glad of. And that then they
had come to me, and had had bottled porter and sandwiches on the road.
   Mr. Dick was so very complacent, sitting on the foot of the bed, nursing
his leg, and telling me this, with his eyes wide open and a surprised smile,
that I am sorry to say I was provoked into explaining to him that ruin
meant distress, want, and starvation; but, I was soon bitterly reproved
for this harshness, by seeing his face turn pale, and tears course down
his lengthened cheeks, while he fixed upon me a look of such unutterable
woe, that it might have softened a far harder heart than mine. I took
infinitely greater pains to cheer him up again than I had taken to depress
him; and I soon understood (as I ought to have known at first) that he
had been so confident, merely because of his faith in the wisest and most
wonderful of women, and his unbounded reliance on my intellectual
resources. The latter, I believe, he considered a match for any kind of
disaster not absolutely mortal.
   " What can we do, Trotwood?"           said Mr. Dick. " There's the
Memorial-"
                                                             A A
