                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           421
association with our brother Francis ;but there was no decided division or
disunion between us. Francis took his road ; we took ours. We consi-
dered it conducive to the happiness of all parties that it should be so.
And it was SO."
   Each of the sisters leaned a little forward to speak, shook her head after
speaking, and became upright again when silent. Miss Clarissa never
moved her arms. She sometimes played tunes upon them with her fingers
-minuets and marches I should think-but never moved them.
   " Our niece's position, or supposed position, is much changed by our

brother Francis's death," said Miss Lavinia ; "and therefore we consider
our brother's opinions as regarded her position as being changed too. We
have no reason to doubt, Mr. Copperfield, that you are a young gentleman
possessed of good qualities and honorable character ; or that you have an
affection-or are fully persuaded that you have an affection-for our niece."
   I replied, as I usually did whenever I had a chance, that nobody had
ever loved anybody else as I loved Dora. Traddles came to my assistance
with a confirmatory murmur.
   Xiss Lavinia was going on to make some rejoinder, when Miss Clarissa,
who appeared to be incessantly beset by a desire to refer to her brother
Prancis, struck in again :
   "If Dora's mamma," she said, "when she married our brother
Francis, had at once said that there was not room for the family at the
dinner-table, it would have been better for the happiness of all parties."
   " Sister Clarissa," said Miss Lavinia. " Perhaps we needn't mind
that now."
   " Sister Lavinia,"    said Miss Clarissa, "it belongs to the subject.
With your branch of the subject, on which alone you are competent to
speak, I should not think of interfering. On this branch of the subject I
have a voice and an opinion. It would have been better for the happiness
of all parties, if Dora's mamma, when she married our brother Prancis,
had mentioned plainly what her intentions were. We should then have
known what we had to expect. We should have said 'pray do not invite
us, at any time ;' and all possibility of misunderstanding would have been
avoided."
   When Miss Clarissa had shaken her head, Miss Lavinia resumed:
again referring to my letter through her eye-glass. They both had little
bright round twinkling eyes, by the way, which were like birds' eyes.
They were not unlike birds, altogether; having a sharp, brisk, sudden
manner, and a little short, spruce way of adjusting themselves, like canaries.
   Miss Lavinia, as I have said, resumed :
   " You ask permission of my sister Clarissa and myself, Mr. Copperfield,
to visit here, as the accepted suitor of our niece."
   " If our brother Francis," said Miss Clarissa, breaking out again,
if I may call anything so calm a breaking out, "wished to surround
himself with an atmosphere of Doctors' Commons, and of Doctors'
Commons only, what right or desire had nre lo object ? None, I am sure.
We have ever been far from wishing to obtrude ourselves on any one.
But why not say so? Let our brother Francis and his wife have their
society. Let my sister Lavinia and myself have our society. We can
find it for ourselves, I hope ! "
