            PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

                                     OF



DAVID COPPERFIELD THE YOUNGER.


                              CHAPTER I.
                               I AM BORN.
WHETHER I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether
    that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
To begin my life with the beginning of my life, I record that I was born
(as I have been informed and believe) on a Friday, at twelve o'clock at
night. I t was remarked that the clock began to strike, and I began
to cry, simultaneously.
   I n consideration of the day and hour of my birth, it was declared by
the nurse, and by some sage women in the neighbourhood who had taken
a lively interest in me several months before there was any possibility of
our becoming personally acquainted, first, that I was destined to be
unlucky in life; and secondly, that I was privileged to see ghosts and
spirits; both these gifts inevitably attaching, as they believed, to all
unlucky infants of either gender, born towards the small hours on a
Friday night.
   I need say nothing here, on the first head, because nothing can show
better than my history whether that prediction was verified or falsified
by the result. On the second branch of the question, I will only
remark, that unless I ran through that part of my inheritance while I
was still a baby, I have not come into it yet. But I do not at all
complain of having been kept out of this property; and if anybody
else should be in the present enjoyment of it, he is heartily welcome to
keep it.
   I was born with a caul, which was advertised for sale, in the newspapers,
at the low price of fifteen guineas. Whether sea-going people were
short of money about that time, or were short of faith and preferred
cork-jackets, I don't know; all I know is, that there was but one
solitary bidding, and that was from an attorney connected with the bill-
broking business, who offered two pounds in cash, and the balance in
                                                               B
