                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                             CHAPTER XL.
                              THE WANDERER.

    WE had a very serious conversation in Buckingham Street that night,
about the domestic occurrences I have detailed in the last chapter. My
aunt was deeply interested in them, and walked up and down the room
with her arms folded, for more than two hours afterwards. Whenever she
was particularly discomposed, she always performed one of these pedes-
trian feats; and the amount of her discomposure might always be
estimated by the duration of her walk. On this occasion she was so
much disturbed in mind as to find it necessary to open the bed-room
door, and make a course for herself, comprising the full extent of the
bed-rooms from wall to wall; and while Mr. Dick and I sat quietly by
the fire, she kept passing in and out, along this measured track, at an
unchanging pace, with the regularity of a clock-pendulum.
    When my aunt and I were left to ourselves by Mr. Dick's going out to
bed, I sat down to write my letter to the two old ladies. By that time
she was tired of walking, and sat by the fire with her dress tucked up as
usual. But instead of sitting in her usual manner, holding her glass upon
her knee, she suffered it to stand neglected on the chimney-piece; and,
resting her left elbow on her right arm, and her chin on her left hand,
looked thoughtfully at me. As often as I raised my eyes from what
I was about, I met hers. " I am in the lovingest of tempers, my
dear," she would assure me with a nod, " but I am fidgetted and
sorry !"
   I had been too busy to observe, until after she uras gone to bed, that
she had left her night-mixture, as she always called it, untasted on the
 chimney-piece. She came to her door, with even more than her usual
 affection of manner, when I knocked to acquaint her with this discovery;
 but only said, " I have not the heart to take it, Trot, to-night," and shook
 her head, and went in again.
    She read my letter to the two old ladies, in the morning, and approved
 of it. I posted it, and had nothing to do then, but wait, as patiently as
 I could, for the reply. I was still in this state of expectation, and had
 been, for nearly a week; when I left the Doctor's one snowy night, to
walk home.
    I t had been a bitter day, and a cutting north-east wind had blown for
 some time. The wind had gone down with the light, and so the snow
 had come on. I t was a heavy, settled fall, I recollect, in great flakes ; and
it lay thick. The noise of wheels and tread of people were as hushed, as
if the streets had been strewn that depth with feathers.
    My shortest way home,-and I naturally took the shortest way on such
 a night-was     through Saint Martin's Lane. Now, the church which
 gives its name to the lane, stood in a less free situation at that time ;
 there being no open space before it, and the lane winding down to the
