                          OF DAVID     COPPERFIELD.




                              CHAPTER XIII.
                     THE SEQUEL OF MY RESOLUTION.

      FORanything I know, I may have had some wild idea of running all
  the way to Dover, when I gave up the pursuit of the young man with the
  donkey cart, and started for Greenwich. My scattered senses were
  soon collected as to that point, if I had; for I came to a stop in the
  Kent Road, at a terrace with a piece of water before it, and a great foolish
  image in the middle, blowing a dry shell. Here I sat down on a door-
  step, quite spent and exhausted with the efforts I had already made, and
 with hardly breath enough to cry for the loss of my box and half-
 guinea.
     I t was by this time dark ; I heard the clocks strike ten, as I sat resting.
 But it was a summer night, fortunately, and fine weather. When I had
 recovered my breath, and had got rid of a stifling sensation in my throat, I
 rose up and went on. I n the midst of my distress, I had no notion of
 going back. I doubt if I should have had any, though there had been a
 Swiss snow-drift in the Kent Road.
    But my standing possessed of only three-halfpence in the world (and
 I am sure I wonder how t h q came to be left in my pocket on a Saturday
 night !) troubled me none the less because I went on. I began to picture
 to myself, as a scrap of newspaper intelligence, my being found dead in a
 day or two, under some hedge ; and I trudged on miserably, though as
 fast as I could, until I happened to pass a little shop, where it was written
 up that ladies' and gentlemen's wardrobes were bought, and that the best
 price was given for rags, bones, and kitchen-stuff. The master of this
 shop was sitting at the door in his shirt sleeves, smoking ; and as there
 were a great many coats and pairs of trowsers dangling from the low
 ceiling, and only two feeble candles burning inside to show what they
were, I fancied that he looked like a man of a revengeful disposition,
who had hung all his enemies, and was enjoying himself.
    My late experiences with Mr. and Mrs. Micawber suggested to me that
here might be a means of keeping off the wolf for a little while. I went
up the next bye-street, took off my waistcoat, rolled it neatly under my
arm, and came back to the shop-door. " If you please, sir," I said, " I
am to sell this for a fair price."
    Mr. Dolloby-Dolloby was the name over the shop-door, at least-
took the waistcoat, stood his pipe on its head against the door-post, went
into the shop, followed by me, snuffed the two candles with his fingers,
spread the waistcoat on the counter, and looked at it there, held it up
against the light, and looked at it there, and ultimately said :
    "What do you call a price, now, for this here little weskit ? "
    " Oh ! you know best, sir," I returned, modestly.
    "I can't be buyer and seller too," said Mr. Dolloby. " Put a price on
this here little weskit."
    "Would eighteenpence be "-I hinted, after some hesitation.
                                                                  K
