              THE PERSONAL HISTORY        AND   EXPERIENCE

that there was something inexplicably gentle and softened, surrounding
you ; something that might have been sorrowful in some one else (as I can
now understand it was), but was not so in you."
   She softly played on, looking at me still.
   "Will you laugh at my cherishing such fancies, Agnes? "
   "No ! "
   " Or at my saying that I really believe I felt, even then, that you
could be faithfully affectionate against all discouragement, and never cease
to be so, until you ceased to live ?-Will you langh at such a dream ? "
   " Oh, no !    Oh, no ! "
   For an instant, a distressful shadow crossed her face ; but, even i n the
start it gave me, it was gone; and she was playing on, and looking at me
with her own calm smile.
   As I rode back in tlie lonely night, the wind going by me like a
restless memory, I thought of this, and feared she was not happy. I was
not happy ; but, thus far, I had faithfully set the seal upon the Past, and,
thinking of her, pointing upward, thought of her as pointing to that
sky above me, where, in the mystery to come, I might yet love her with
a love unknown on earth, and tell her what the strife had been within
me when I loved her here.




                           CHAPTER LXI.
             I AM SIIOWN TWO INTERESTING PENITENTS.

   FORa time-at        all events until my book should be completed,
which would be the work of several months-I took up my abode i n my
aunt's house at Dover; and there, sitting in the window from which I had
loolred out at the moon upon the sea, when that roof first gave me shelter,
I quietly pursued my task.
   I n pursuance of my intention of referring to my own fictions only when
their course should incidentally connect itself with the progress of my
story, I do not enter on the aspirations, the delights, anxieties, and
triumphs, of my art. That I truly devoted myself to it with my strongest
earnestness, and bestowed upon it every energy of my soul, I have already
said. If the books I have written be of any worth, they will supply the
rest. I shall otherwise have written to poor purpose, and the rest will be
of interest to no one.
   Occasionally, I went to London; to lose myself i n the swarm of life
there, or to consult with Traddles on some business point. H e had
managed for me, in my absence, with the soundest judgment; and my
worldly affairs were prospering. As my notoriety began to bring upon
 me an enormous quantity of letters from people of whom I had no know-
ledge-chiefly about nothing, and extremely difficult to answer-I agreed
