532           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

the Bureau-of the Firm, nominally condncted under the appellation of
Wickfield and-Hz~r, but, in reality, wielded by--I%~Er alone. HEEP,
and only WEEP, is the mainspring of that machine, HEEP, and only
HEEP, is the Forger and the Cheat.'"
    Uriah, more blue than white at these words, made a dart at the letter,
as if to tear it in pieces. m. Micawber, with a perfect miracle of dex-
terity or luck, caught his advancing knuckles with the ruler, and disabled
his right hand. I t dropped at the wrist, as if it were broken. The blow
sounded as if it had fallen on wood.
    " The Devil take you ! " said Uriah, writhing in a new way with pain.
" I'll be even with you."
    "Approach me again, you-you-you          HEEP of infamy," gasped Mr.
Micawber, " and if your head is human, I'll break it. Come on, come on ! "
    I think I never saw anything more ridiculous-I was sensible of it,
even at the time-than Mr. Micawber making broad-sword guards with
the ruler, and crying "Come on!" while Traddles and I pushed him
back into a corner, from which, as often as we got him into it, he persisted
in emerging again.
    His enemy, muttering to himself, after wringing his wounded hand for
some time, slowly drew 08his neck-kerchief and bound it up ; then, held it
in his other hand, and sat upon his table with his sullen face looking down.
    IIr. Ihcawber, when he was sufficiently cool, proceeded with his letter.
    " 'The stipendiary emoluments in consideration of which I entered into
the service of-BEEP,' " always pausing before that word, and uttering it
with astonishingvigor, " 'were not defined, beyond the pittance of twenty-
two shillings and six per week. The rest was left contingent on the value of
my professional exertions ; in other and more expressive words, on the base-
ness of my nature, the cupidity of my motives, the poverty of my family,
the general moral (or rather immoral) resemblance between myself and-
HEEP. Need I say, that it soon became necessary for me to solicit from-
HEEP-pecuniary advances towards the support of Mrs. Micawber, and
our blighted but rising family! Need I say that this necessity bad been
foreseen by-IIEEP ? That those advances were secured by I 0 U's arid
other similar acknowledgments, known to the legal institutions of this
country. And that I t h ~ became
                               ~s      immeshed in the web he had spun for
my reception ? ' "
    Mr. Micawber's enjoyment of his epistolary powers, in describing this
unfortunate state of things, really seemed to outweigh any pain or anxiety
that the reality could have caused him. He read on :
    " 'Then it was that-HEEP-began       to favor me with just so much of his
confidence, as was necessary to the discharge of his infernal business. Then
it was that I began, if I may so Shakespearianly express myself, to dwindle,
peak, and pine. I found that my services were constantly called into
requisition for the falsification of business, and the mystification of an
individual whom I will designate as Mr. W. That lJ1r.W. was imposed upon,
kept in ignorance, and deluded, in every possible way ; yet, that all this while,
the ruffian-HEEP-was       professing unbounded gratitude to, and unbounded
friendship for, that much abused gentleman. This was bad enoagh ; bnt, as
the philosophic Dane observes, with that universal applicability which dis-
 tinguishes the illustrious ornament of the Elizabethian Era, worse remains
 behind ! ' "
