                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            31
which apartments are usually announced in manuscript, as being to let).
We were greatly overcome at parting ; and if ever, in my life, I have had a
void made in my heart, I had one made that day.
   Now, all the time I had been on my visit, I had been ungrateful to my
home again, and had thought little or nothing about it. But I was no
sooner turned towards it, than my reproachful young conscience seemed
to point that way with a steady finger; and I felt, all the more for the
sinking of my spirits, that it was my nest, and that my mother was my
comforter and friend.
   This gained upon me as we went along ; so that the nearer we drew,
and the more familiar the objects became that we passed, the more
excited I was to get there, and to run into her arms. But Peggotty,
instead of sharing in these transports, tried to check them (though very
kindly), and looked confused and out of sorts.
   Blunderstone Rookery would come, however, in spite of her, when the
carrier's horse pleased-and did. How well I recollect it, on a cold grey
afternoon, with a dull sky, threatening rain !
   The door opened, and I looked, half laughing and half crying in my
pleasant agitation, for my mother. I t was not she, but a strange
servant.
   " Why, Peggotty !" I said, ruefully, "isn't she come home !"

   " Yes, yes, Master Davy," said Peggotty. " She's come home. Wait
a bit, Master Davy, and 1'11-1 1  ' 1 tell you something."
   Between her agitation, and her natural awkwardness in getting out of
the cart, Peggotty was making a most extraordinary festoon of herself, but I
felt too blank and strange to tell her so. When she had got down, she
took me by the hand ; led me, wondering, into the kitchen; and shut the
door.
   " Peggotty ! " said I, quite frightened.     "What 's the matter? "
   "Nothing's the matter, bless you, Master D a ~ ydear! " she answered,
assuming an air of sprightliness.
   " Something 's the matter, I 'm sure. Where's mama? "
   " Where 's mama, Master Davy ? " repeated Peggotty.
   " Yes. Why hasn 't she come out to the gate, and what have we come
in here for? Oh, Peggotty ! " My eyes were full, and I felt as if I were
going to tumble down.
   "Bless the precious boy ! " cried Peggotty, taking hold of me. " What
is it ? Speak, my pet ! "
   " Not dead, too ! Oh, she's not dead, Peggotty ? "
   Peggotty cried out No ! with an astonishing volume of voice; and then
sat down, and began to pant, and said I had given her a turn.
   I gave her a hug to take away the turn, or to give her another turn in
the right direction, and then stood before her, looking at her in anxious
inquiry.
   "You see, dear, I should have told you before now," said Peggotty,
"but I hadn't an opportunity. I ought to have made it, perhaps, but I
couldn't azackly "-that was always the substitute for exactly, in Peggotty's
militia of words-" bring my mind to it."
   " Go on, Peggotty," said I, more frightened than before.
