                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            269
      A timely observation of the sense of power that there was in his face,
  did more to bring back to my remembrance the entreaty of Agnes, in its
  full force, than any effort I could have made. I asked him, with a better
  appearance of composure than I could have thought possible a minute
  before, whether he had made his feelings known to Agnes.
     " Oh, no, Master Copperfield ! " he returned ; " oh dear, no ! Not to
  any one but you. You see I am only just emerging from my lowly
  station. I rest a good deal of hope on her observing how useful I am to
  her father (for I trust to be very useful to him, indeed, Master Copperfield),
 and how I smooth the way for him, and keep him straight. She's so much
 attached to her father, Master Copperfield (oh what a lovely thing it is in a
 daughter !), that I think she may come, on his account, to be kind to me."
     I fathomed the depth of the rascal's whole scheme, and understood
 why he laid it bare.
     " If you '11 have the goodness to keep my secret, Master Copperfield,"

 he pursued, " and not, in general, to go against me, I shall take it as a
 particular favor. You wouldn't wish to make unpleasantness. I know
 what a friendly heart you 've got ; but having only known me on my umble
footing (on my umblest, I should say, for I am very umble still), you might,
 unbeknown, go against me rather, with my Agnes. I call her mine, you
 see, Master Copperfield. There 's a song that says, ' I 'd crowns resign,
 to call her mine !' I hope to do it, one of these days."
    Dear Agnes! So much too loving and too good for any one that
 I could think of, was it possible that she was reserved to be the wife of
 such a wretch as this !
     "There's no hurry at present, you know, Master Copperfield," Uriah
proceeded, in his slimy way, as I sat gazing at him, with this thought in
my mind. "My Agnes is very young still; and mother and me will have
to work our way upards, and make a good many new arrangements,
before it would be quite convenient. So I shall have time gradually to
make her familiar with my hopes, as opportunities offer. Oh, I'm so
much obliged to you for this confidence ! Oh, it's such a relief, you can't
think, to know that you understand our situation, and are certain (as you
wouldn't wish to make unpleasantness in the family) not to go against me ! "
    He took the hand which I dared not withhold, and having given it a
damp squeeze, referred to his pale-faced watch.
    "Dear me ! " he said, "it 's past one. The moments slip away so,
in the confidence of old times, Master Copperfield, that it's almost
half-past one ! "
    I answered that I had thought it was later. Not that I had really
thought so, but because my conversational powers were effectually scattered.
    " Dear me ! " he said, considering. " The ouse that I am stopping at-

a sort of a private hotel and boarding ouse, Master Copperfield, near the
New River ed-will have gone to bed these two hours."
    "I am sorry," I returned, "that there is only one bed here, and
that I-"
    " Oh, don't think of mentioning beds, &faster Copperfield ! " he rejoined

ecstatically, drawing up one leg. " But would you have any objections
to my laying down before the fire ? "
    " If it comes to that," I said, "pray take my bed, and I ' l l lie down
before the fire."
