               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 ferocious-looking ruffians, who stared at me as I went by; and stopped,
 perhaps, and called after me to come back and speak to them ; and when
 I took to my heels, stoned me. I recollect one young fellow-a tinker, I
 suppose, from his wallet and brazier-who had a woman with him, and
 who faced about and stared at me thus ; and then roared to me in such a
 tremendous voice to come back, that I halted and looked round.
     " Come here, when you 're called," said the tinker, " or I '11 rip your
young body open."
    I thought it best to go back. As I drew nearer to them, trying to
propitiate the tinker by my looks, I observed that the woman had a black
 eye.
     " Where are you going? " said the tinker, griping the bosom of my
 shirt with his blackened hand.
     " I am going to Dover," I said.

    "Where do you come from? " asked the tinker, giving his hand
another turn in my shirt, to hold me more securely.
    'I I come from London," I said.

    " What lay are you upon? " asked the tinker. "Are you a prig? "
    " N-no," I said.
    "Ain't you, by G-?       If you make a brag of your honesty to me,"
said the tinker, " I'll knock your brains out."
    With his disengaged hand he made a menace of striking me, and then
looked at me from head to foot.
    "Have you got the price of a pint of beer about you?" said the
tinker. " If you have, out with it, afore I take it away ! "
    I should certainly have produced it, but that I met the woman's look,
and saw her very slightly shake her head, and form "No !" with her
lips.
    "I am very poor," I said, attempting to smile, "and have got no
money ."
    "Why, what do you mean? " said the tinker, looking so sternly at me,
that I almost feared he saw the money in my pocket.
    " Sir ! " I stammered.
    " What do you mean," said the tinker, "by wearing my brother's silk
hankercher ? Give it over here ! " And he had mine off my neck in a
moment, and tossed it to the woman.
    The woman burst into a fit of laughter, as if she thought this a joke,
 and tossing it back to me, nodded once, as slightly as before, and made
the word " Go ! " with her lips. Before I could obey, however, the tinker
 seized the handkerchief out of my hand with a roughness that threw me
away like a feather, and putting it loosely round his own neck, turned
upon the woman with an oath, and knocked her down. I never shall
forget seeing her fall backward on the hard road, and lie there with her
bonnet tumbled off, and her hair all whitened in the dust; nor, when I
looked back from a distance, seeing her sitting on the pathway, which was
a bank by the roadside, wiping the blood from her face with a corner of
her shawl, while he went on ahead.
    This adventure frightened me so, that, afterwards, when I saw any of
these people coming, I turned back until I could find a hiding-place,
where I remained until they had gone out of sight ; which happened so
