                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                              19
    I write of her just as she was when I had gone to bed after this talk,
 and she came to bid me good night. She kneeled down playfully by the
 side of the bed, and laying her chin upon her hands, and laughing,
 said :
    'c What was it they said, Davy ?      Tell me again. I can't believe it."
    " ' Bewitching-'       " I began.
    My mother put her hands upon her lips to stop me.
    " It was never bewitching," she said, laughing. '&lt; It never could have
been bewitching, Davy. Now I know it wasn't !"
    "Yes it was. 'Bewitching Mrs. Copperfield,"' I repeated stoutly.
 " And 'pretty.' "
    " No no, it was never pretty.         Not pretty," interposed my mother,
 laying her fingers on my lips again.
    " Yes it was. ' Pretty little widow.' "
    " What foolish, impudent creatures !" cried my mother, laughing and
covering her face. "What ridiculous men ! An't they? Davy dear-"
    " Well, Ma."

    "Don't tell Peggotty ; she might be angry with them. I am dreadfully
 angry with them myself; but I would rather Peggotty didn't know."
    I promised, of course ; and we kissed one another over and over again,
 and I soon fell fast asleep.
   I t seems to me, at this distance of time, as if it were the next day when
Peggotty broached the striking and adventurous proposition I am about to
mention ; but it was probably about two months afterwards.
   We were sitting as before, one evening (when my mother was out
as before), in company with the stocking and the yard measure, and the
bit of wax, and the box with Saint Paul's on the lid, and the crocodile
book, when Peggotty, after looking at me several times, and opening
her mouth as if she were going to speak, without doing it-which I
thought was merely gaping, or I should have been rather alarmed-said
coaxingly :
    "Master Davy, how should you like to go along with me and spend a
fortnight at my brothcr's at Yarmouth? Wouldn't tAat be a treat? "
   " I s your brother an agreeable man, Peggotty? " I enquired, pro-
visionally.
    " Oh what an agreeable man he is ! " cried Peggotty, holding up her
hands. "Then there's the sea; and the boats and ships; and the
fishermen ; and the beach ; and Am to play with-"
    Peggotty meant her nephew Ham, mentioned in my first chapter ;ut
she spoke of him as a morsel of English Grammar.
    I was flushed by her summary of delights, and replied that it woula
indeed be a treat, but what would my mother say?
    "Why then I'll as good as bet a guinea," said Peggotty, intent uponmy
face, " that she '11 let us go. I 1' 1 ask her, if you like, as soon as ever she
comes home. There now ! "
   " But what 's she to do while we 're away ? " said I, putting my small

elbows on the table to argue the point. " She can 't live by herself."
   If Peggotty were looking for a hole, all of a sudden, in the heel of that
stocking, i t must have been a very little one indeed, and not worth
darning.                                   c 2
