264           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

of thing, speaking generally. There are some low minds (not many, I am
happy to believe, but there are some) that would prefer to do what I
should call bow down before idols. Positively Idols ! Before services,
intellect, and so on. But these are intangible points. Blood is not so.
We see Blood in a nose, and we know it. We meet with it in a chin,
and we say, ' There it is ! That's Blood !' I t is an actual matter of fact.
We point it out. I t admits of no doubt."
    The simpering fellow with the weak legs, who had taken Agnes down,
stated the question more decisively yet, I thought.
    " Oh, you know, deuce take it," said this gentleman, looking round the

board with an imbecile smile, " we can't forego Blood, you know. We
must have Blood, you know. Some young fellows, you know, may be
a little behind their station, perhaps, in point of education and behaviour,
and may go a little wrong, you know, and get themselves and other people
into a variety of fixes-and all that-but deuce take it, it's delightful to
reflect that they've got Blood in 'em! Myself, I ' d rather at any time be
knocked down by a man who had got Blood in him, than I 'd be picked
 up by a man who hadn't !"
    This sentiment, as compressing the general question into a nutshell,
 gave the utmost satisfaction, and brought the gentleman into great notice
 until the ladies retired. After that, I observed that Mr. Gulpidge and
 Mr. Henry Spiker, who had hitherto been very distant, entered into a
 defensive alliance against us, the common enemy, and exchanged a myste-
 rious dialogue across the table for our defeat and overthrow.
     " That affair of the first bond for four thousand five hundred pounds
 has not taken the course that was expected, Gulpidge," said Mr. Henry
 Spiker.
     " Do you mean the D. of A.'s? " said Mr. Spiker.
     " The C. of B.'s?" said Mr. Gulpidge.
     Mr. Spiker raised his eye-brows, and looked much concerned.
     " When the question was referred to Lord-I         needn't name him,'
 said Mr. Gulpidge, checking himself-
     '' I understand," said Mr. Spiker, " N."
     Mr. Gulpidge darkly nodded-" was referred to him, his answer was,
  ' Money, or no release.' "
     " Lord bless my soul!" cried Mr. Spiker.
     '' 'Money, or no release,"' repeated Mr. Gulpidge firmly. ' r The
 next in reversion-you understand me ?"
     " K. " said Mr. Spiker, with an ominous look.

     " -K. then positively refused to sign. He was attended at New-
 market for that purpose, and he point-blank refused to do it."
     Mr. Spiker was so interested, that he became quite stony.
     " So the matter rests at this hour," said Mr. Gulpidge, throwing him-
  self back in his chair. " Our friend Waterbrook will excuse me if I
 forbear to explain myself generally, on account of the magnitude of the
 interests involved."
     Mr. Waterbrook was only too happy, as it appeared to me, to have such
 interests, and such names, even hinted at, across his table. H e assumed
  an expression of gloomy intelligence (though I am persuaded he knew
  no more about the discussion than I did), and highly approved of the
  discretion that had been observed. Mr. Spiker, after the receipt of such
