458           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

without any reservation to this paper. The old unhappy loss or want
of something had, I am conscious, some place in my heart; but
not to the embitterment of my life. When I walked alone in the fine
weather, and thought of the summer days when all the air had been
filled with my boyish enchantment, I did miss something of the reali-
sation of my dreams; but I thought it was a softened glory of the
Past, which nothing could have thrown upon the present time. I did feel,
sometimes, for a little while, that I could have wished my wife had been
my counsellor; had had more character and purpose, to sustain me and
improve me by; had been endowed with power to fill up the void which
somewhere seemed to be about me ; but I felt as if this were an unearthly
consummation of my happiness, that never had been meant to be, and
never could have been.
    I was a boyish husband as to years. I had known the softening
influence of no other sorrows or experiences than those recorded in
these leaves. If I did any wrong, as I may have done much, I did it in
mistaken love, and in my want of wisdom. I write the exact truth. I t
would avail me nothing to extenuate it now.
    Thus it was that I took upon myself the toils and cares of our life,
and had no partner in them. We lived much as before, in reference to
our scrambling household arrangements ; but I had got used to those,
and Dora I was pleased to see was seldom vexed now. She was bright
and cheerful in the old childish way, loved me dearly, and was happy with
her old trifles.
    When the debates were heavy-I mean as to length, not quality, for in
the last respect they were not often otherwise-and I went home late,
Dora would never rest when she heard my footsteps, but would always
come down stairs to meet me. When my evenings were unoccupied by
the pursuit for which I had qualified myself with so much pains, and 1
was engaged in writing at home, she would sit quietly near me, however
late the hour. and be so mute. that I would often think she had dronned
asleep. But generally, when I raised my head, I saw her blue eyes loo'k'ing
at me with the quiet attention of which I have already spoken.
    " Oh, what a weary boy ! " said Dora one night, when I met her eyes
as I was shutting up my desk.
    "What a weary girl ! " said I. " That's more to the purpose. You
must go to bed another time, my love. I t ' s far too late for you."
    "No, don't send me to bed ! " pleaded Dora, coming to my side
"Pray don't do that ! "
   "Dora ! "
   To my amazement she was sobbing on my neck.
   "Not well, my dear! not happy! "
   " Yes ! quite well, and very happy ! " said Dora. "But say you 'll
let me stop, and see you write."
   "Why, what a sight for such bright eyes at midnight ! " I replied.
   "Are they bright, though ? " returned Dora, laughing. " I 'm so glad
they 're bright."
   " Little Vanity ! " said I.

   But it was not vanity; it was only harmless delight in my admiration.
I knew that very well, before she told me so.
