340            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 delicate little hamper, amounting in itself, I thought, almost to a
 declaration. There were crackers in it with the tenderest mottos that
 could be got for money. At six in the morning, I was in Covent Garden
 Market, buying a bouquet for Dora. At ten I was on horseback (I hired
a gallant grey, for the occasion), with the bouquet in my hat, to keep it
fresh, trotting down to Norwood.
   I suppose that when I saw Dora in the garden and pretended not to
see her, and rode past the house pretending to be anxiously looking for it,
I committed two small fooleries which other young gentlemen in my
circumstances might have committed-because they came so very natural
to me. But oh! when I did find the house, and did dismount at the
garden gate, and drag those stoney-hearted boots across the lawn to Dora
sitting on a garden seat under a lilac tree, what a spectacle she was,
upon that beautiful morning, among the butterflies, in a white chip
bonnet and a dress of celestial blue !
   There was a young lady with her-comparatively stricken in years-
almost twenty, I should say. Her name was Miss Mills, and Dora
called her Julia. She was the bosom friend of Dora. Happy Miss
Mills !
   Jip was there, and Jip would bark at me again. When I presented my
bouquet, he gnashed his teeth with jealousy. Well he might. If he had
the least idea how I adored his mistress, well he might!
   " Oh, thank you, Mr. Copperfield! What dear flowers !" said Dora.
   I had had an intention of saying (and had been studying the best form
of words for three miles) that I thought them beautiful before I saw them
so near her. But I couldn't manage it. She was too bewildering. To
see her lay the flowers against her little dimpled chin, was to lose all pre-
sence of mind and power of language in a feeble ecstacy. I wonder I
didn't say, " Kill me, if you have a heart, Miss Mills. Let me die
here ! "
   Then Dora held my flowers to Jip to smell. Then Jip growled, and
wouldn't smell them. Then Dora laughed, and held them a little closer to
Jip, to make him. Then Jip laid hold of a bit of geranium with his teeth,
and worried imaginary cats in it. Then Dora beat him, and pouted, and
said, " My poor beautiful flowers ! " as compassionately, I thought, as if
Jip had laid hold of me. I wished he had !
   "You'll be so glad to hear, Mr. Copperfield," said Dora, "that that
cross Miss Murdstone is not here. She has gone to her brother's mar-
riage, and will be away at least three weeks. Isn't that delightful? "
   I said I was sure it must be delightful to her, and all that was delight-
ful to her was delightful to me. Miss Mills, with an air of superior wisdom
and benevolence, smiled upon us.
   '( She is the most disagreeable thing I ever saw," said Dora. "You
can't believe how ill-tempered and shocking she is, Julia."
    "Yes, I can, my dear ! " said Julia.
    " You can, perhaps, love,"   returned Dora, with her hand on Julia's.
 "Forgive my not excepting you, my dear, at first."
    I learnt, from this, that Miss Mills had had her trials in the course of a
chequered existence; and that to these, perhaps, I might refer that wise
benignity of manner which I had already noticed. I found, in the course
