76              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

much more about her, if they had not been abashed by the unexpected
 coming in of Steerforth, who, seeing me in a corner speaking with two
strangers, stopped in a song he was singing, and said : " I didn't know
yon were here, young Copperfield ! " (for it was not the usual visiting
room), and crossed by us on his way out.
    I am not sure whether it was in the pride of having such a friend as
Steerforth, or in the desire to explain to him how I came to have such a
friend as Mr. Peggotty, that I called to him as he was going away. But
I said, modestly-Good Heaven, how it all comes back to me this long
time afterwards !-
   "Don't go, Steerforth, if you please. These are two Yarmouth boat-
men-very kind, good people-who are relations of my nurse, and have
come from Gravesend to see me."
   " Aye, aye? " said Steerforth, returning.       " I am glad to see them.
How are you both ? "
   There was an ease in his manner-a gay and light manner it was, but
not swaggering-which I still believe to have borne a kind of enchant-
ment with it. I still believe him, in virtue of this carriage, his animal spirits,
his delightful voice, his handsome face and figure, and, for aught I know, of
some inborn power of attraction besides (which I think a few people
possess), to have carried a spell with him to which it was a natural weak-
ness to yield, and which not many persons could withstand. I could not
but see how pleased they were with him, and how they seemed to open
their hearts to him in a moment.
    "You must let them know at home, if yon please, Mr. Peggotty," I
said, "when that letter is sent, that Mr. Steerforth is very kind to me,
and that I don't know what I should ever do here without him."
    "Nonsense ! " said Steerforth, laughing. " You mustn't tell them
anything of the sort."
    "And if Mr. Steerforth ever comes into Norfolk or Suffolk, Mr. Peg-
gotty," I said, " while I am there, you may depend upon it I shall bring
him to Yarmouth, if he will let me, to see your house. You never saw
such a good house, Steerforth. I t ' s made out of a boat ! "
   "Made out of a boat, is it ? " said Steerforth. " I t 's the right sort
of house for such a thorough-built boatman."
   " SO 'tis, sir, SO 'tis, sir," said Ham, grinning.    "You 're right, young
gen'lm'n. Mas'r Davy boy, gen'lm'n 's right. A thorough-built boatman !
Hor, hor ! That's what he is, too ! "
   Mr. Peggotty was no less pleased than his nephew, though his modesty
forbade him to claim a personal compliment so vociferously.
   "Well, sir," he said, bowing and chuckling, and tucking in the ends of
his neckerchief at his breast, "I thankee, sir, I thankee! I do my
endeavows in my line of life, sir."
   "The best of men can do no more, Mr. Peggotty," said Steerforth.
He had got his name already.
   "I 1' 1 pound it, it 's wot you do yourself, sir," said Mr. Peggotty,
shaking his head, "and wot you do well-right well ! I thankee, sir.
I 'm obleeged to you, sir, for your welcoming manner of me. I 'm rough,
sir, but I 'm ready-least ways, I hope I 'm ready, you understand. My
house ain't much for to see, sir, but it 's hearty at your service if ever you
