252            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " My dear Steerforth," cried I, " I began to think I should never see
 you again !"
    " I was carried off, by force of arms," said Steerforth, " the very next

 morning after I got home. Why, Daisy, what a rare old bachelor you
 are here !"
    I showed him over the establishment, not omitting the pantry, with
 no little pride, and he commended it highly. " I tell you what, old boy,"
 he added, " I shall make quite a town-house of this place, unless you give
 me notice to quit."
    This was a delightful hearing. I told him if he waited for that, he
 would have to wait till doomsday.
    "But you shall have some breakfast ! " said I, with my hand on the
 bell-rope, "and Mrs. Crupp shall make you some fresh coffee, and I'll
 toast you some bacon in a bachelor's Dutch-oven that I have got here."
    "No, no ! " said Steerforth. "Don't ring ! I can't ! I am going to
 breakfast with one of these fellows who is at the Piazza Hotel, in Covent
 Garden."
    " But you'll come back to dinner ? " said I.

    " I can't, upon my life.   There's nothing I should like better, but I
must remain with these two fellows. We are all three off together
to-morrow morning."
    " Then bring them here to dinner," I returned.      " Do you think they
 would come? "
    " Oh ! they would come fast enough," said Steerforth ; " but we should
inconvenience you. You had better come and dine with us somewhere."
    I would not by any means consent to this, for it occurred to me that I
really ought to have a little housewarming, and that there never could be
 a better opportunity. I had a new pride in my rooms after his approval
of them, and burned with a desire to develop their utmost resources.
I therefore made him promise positively in the names of his two friends,
and we appointed six o'clock as the dinner-hour.
   When he was gone, I rang for Mrs. Crupp, and acquainted her with my
desperate design. Mrs. Crupp said, in the first place, of course it was
well known she couldn't be expected to wait, but she knew a handy
young man, who she thought could be prevailed upon to do it, and
whose terms would be five shillings, and what I pleased. I said, cer- ,
tainly we would have him. Next, Mrs. Crupp said it was clear she couldn't
be in two places at once (which I felt to be reasonable), and that " a young
gal" stationed in the pantry with a bed-room candle, there never to desist
from washing plates, would be indispensable. I said, what would be the
expense of this young female, and Mrs. Crupp said she supposed
eighteen-pence would neither make me nor break me. I said I supposed
not; and that was settled. Then Mrs. Crupp said, Now about the dinner.
   I t was a remarkable instance of want of forethought on the part of the
ironmonger who had made Mrs. Crupp's kitchen fire-place, that it was
capable of cooking nothing but chops and mashed potatoes. As to a fish-
kittle, Mrs. Crupp said, well ! would I only come and look at the range.
She couldn't say fairer than that. Would I come and look at i t ? As I
should not have been much the wiser if I had looked at it, I declined, and
said, " Never mind fish." But Mrs. Crupp said, Don't say that ;oysters
was in, and why not them? So that was settled. Mrs. Crupp then
