                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          375
family sitting-room, where Mr. Micawber had prepared, in a wash-hand-
stand jug, what he called " a Brew" of the agreeable beverage for which
he was famous. I had the pleasure, on this occasion, of renewing the
acquaintance of Master Micawber, whom I found a promising boy of
about twelve or thirteen, very subject to that restlessness of limb which is
not an unfrequent phenomenon in youths of his age. I also became once
more known to his sister, Miss Micawber, in whom, as Mr. Micawber told
us, "her mother renewed her youth, like the Phoenix."
    " My dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, " yourself and Mr.Traddles
find us on the brink of migration, and will excuse any little discomforts
incidental to that position."
    Glancing round as I made a suitable reply, I observed that the family
effects were already packed, and that the amount of luggage was by no
means overwhelming. I congratulated Mrs. Micawber on the approaching
change.
    " My dear Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber, " of your friendly
interest in all our affairs, I am well assured. My family may consider it
 banishment, if they please; but I am a wife and mother, and I never
 will desert Mr. Micawber."
    Traddles, appealed to, by Mrs. Micawber's eye, feelingly acquiesced.
     " That," said Mrs. Micawber, " that, at least, is my view, my dear
  Mr. Copperfield and Mr. Traddles, of the obligation which I took upon
 myself when I repeated the irrevocable words, ' I, Emma, take thee,
 Wilkins.' I read the service over with a flat-candle on the previous
 night, and the conclusion I derived from it was, that I never could
 desert Mr. Micawber. And," said Mrs. Micawber, " though it is pos-
 sible I may be mistaken in my view of the ceremony, I never will! "
    " My dear,"    said Mr. Micawber, a little impatiently, " I am not
 conscious that you are expected to do any thing of the sort."
    " I am aware, my dear Mr. Copperfield," pursued Mrs. Micawber,

 " that I am now about to cast my lot among strangers; and I am also

 aware that the various members of my family, to whom Mr. Micawher has
 written in the most gentlemanly terms, announcing that fact, have not
 taken the least notice of Mr. Micawber's communication. Indeed I may
 be superstitious," said Mrs. Micawber, " but it appears to me that
 Mr. Micawber is destined never to receive any answers whatever to the
 great majority of the communications he writes. I may augur, from the
 silence of my family, that they object to the resolution I have taken ; but
 I should not allow myself to be swerved from the path of duty, Mr.
 Copperfield, even by my papa and mama, were they still living."
    1expressed my opinion that this was going in the right direction.
     " I t may be a sacrifice," said Mrs. Micawber, " to immure one's-self

 in a Cathedral town; but surely, Mr. Copperfield, if it is a sacrifice in
 me, it is much more a sacrifice in a man of Mr. Micawber's abilities."
     " Oh ! You are going to a Cathedral town?" said I.
    Mr. Micawber, who had been helping us all, out of the wash-hand-
 stand jug, replied :
     " To Canterbury. I n fact, my dear Copperfield, I have entered into
 arrangements, by virtue of which I stand pledged and contracted to our
 friend Heep, to assist and serve him in the capacity of-and to be-his
 confidential clerk."
