2                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.

                                Just published, in Foolscap 8910, p i c e 5s.,

                              A SHORT INQUIRY
                                                     INTO


    THE HISTORY OF AGRICULTURE,
                     I N ANCIENT, MEDIAVAL, AND MODERN TIMES.
                                                      BY
                             CHANDOS          WREN HOSKYNS, ESQ.
   '&lt;The Work now published is executed with great abiiity, and displays a n intimate knowledge of the
subject."                                                                              Morning Herald.
   "We feel assured there is not a landowner or practiyal farmer extant, who will not confess himself
both pleased and edifled after reading Mr. Hoskyns very acceptable contribution to Agricultural
literature."                                                                                John Bull.
                                                                          -
                             Now   ready, in Foolsccq 8v0, price 48. 6d. cloth,
                                                     TBE

    POETICAL WORKS OF ALEXANDER POPE.
                 Revised and Arranged expressly for Young Persons and Schools,


                                         W C. MACREADY.
  "This neat little volume has pecullar claims to public attention and the Work of expurgation is very care-
fully done. Mr. Macready has left no blanks, considering them Hs so many temptations to pry into unclean
places, and while providing the family library with a new and useful volume, he has a t the same time pro-
duced a monument of his own taste and discernment."                                                   Tipnes.

                       LONDON: ERADBURY 8r EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.



The Political Movements on the Continent, and their Bearing on
                      British Interests.
             A SERIES OF ORIGINAL ESSAYS.
                B Y T H O M A S C. B A N F I E L D ,                               ESQ.,
    Author of a Course of Lectur~on the Organisation of Ifidusty, delivered in the Ufiiversityof
                            Cambridge, " Indv~tryof the Rhifie," &c.,
                            IS NOW I N COURSE OF PUBLICATION


             T H E W E E ~ L YN E W S
                                                      AND

                            FINANCIAL ECONOMIST,
    A Journal aiming to elucidate the events of the time, by intellectual comment and illustration,
                             AND POSSESSING FACILITIES FOR OBTAINING
      The earliest and most authentic information on all Foreign and Domestic, Political and Commercial
                                               movements, and
               DEVOTING SPECIAL ATTENTION TO THE AFFAIRS OF BRITISH INDIA.
Together with copious Notices of New Books. Works of Art, kc., and a careful condensation of all the News.

           Published every Saturday, price 6d. Order of any Newsman.
                                    OFFICE FOR ADVERTISEMENTS,
                  17, U P P E R WELLINGTON STREET, STRAND, LONDON.
