   "Fmiliar in their Mouths as HOUSEHOLD WORDS."--shakespeare
                                                        -




          Publishhg weekly, price 2d., or Stamped for post, 3d. ;
                        also b Monthly Parts.


  HOUSEHOLD WORDS.
                     A WEEKLY JOURNAL,
   Designed for the Instruction and Entertainment of all
                     Classes of Readers.
                                CONDUCTED BY


          CHARLES DICKENS.

                 CONTENTS OF PART                 1.-PRICE lld.
                                     --C


                  NO. I.                  I The Amusements of the Peo~le.
                                            Sonnet.-To Lord Denman. -
 A Preliminary Word.
 Zizzie Leigh. - I n Four Chapters.-
                                           Lizzie Leigh. -In Four Chapters    -
                                               Chap. 111.
      Chapter I.                           The Seasons.
 Valentine's Day at the Post-Office.       Short Cuts across the Globe
 Abraham and the Fire-Worshipper.-         The True Story of a Coal Fire.-In
     a Dramatic Parable.                       Three Chapters.-Chap. 11.
 The Amusements of the People.
 An Incident in the Life of Madlle.                          NO. IV.
     Clairon.
 The Wayside Well.                        Some Account of an Extraordinary
 A Bundle of Emigrants' Letters.               Traveller.
 Mllking in Australia.                    Loaded Dice.
 Metal in Sea-Water.                      Dream within Dream; or, Evil
                                               Minimised
                  NO. 11.                 The Schoolmaster a t Home and Abroad.
 A Child's Dream of a Star.               The Ladv Alice.
 The True Story of a Coal Fire.-In        i ~ u s ~ t k onf sCheapness -A Globe.
     Three Chapters.-Chap. I.             The Ghost of the late Mr. James
Lizaie Leigh. -In Four Chapters.-             Barber -A Yarn Ashore.
     Chapter 11.                          The True Story of a Coal Fire -In
Work ! An Anecdote.                           Three Chapters -Chapter the Last.
Good Verses of a Bad Poet.                Supposing! -
Perfect Felicity.-In a Blrd's-Eye View.                      NO. V.
A Dialogue of Shadows.
An Australian l'loughman's Story.         Pet Prisoners.
Heathen and Chnstlan Burial.              A Tale of the Good Old Times.
                                          Baptismal Rituals.
                 NO. Ill.                 Arct~cHeroes.-A Fragment of Naval
The Household Narrative.                      History
The Troubled Water Question.              A Coroner's Inquest.
Illustrations of Cheapness.-The Lucifer   Francis Jeffrey.
     Match.                               The Young Jew of Tunis.
