10%            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

face looking brighter, and her whole self prettier and gayer, a curious
feeling came over me that made me pretend not to know her, and pass by
as if I were looking at something a long way off. I have done such a
thing since in later life, or I am mistaken.
   Little Em'ly didn't care a bit. She saw me well enough ;but instead of
turning round and calling after me, ran away laughing. This obliged me
to run after her, and she ran so fast that we were very near the cottage
before I caught her.
   " Oh, it's you, is it ? " said little Em'ly.
   "Why, you knew who it was, Em'ly," said I.
   " And didn't you know who it was ?" said Em'ly. I was going to kiss
her, but she covered her cherry lips with her hands, and said she wasn't a
baby now, and ran away, laughing more than ever, into the house.
   She seemed to delight in teasing me, which was a change in her I won-
dered at very much. The tea-table was ready, and our little locker
was put out in its old place, but instead of coming to sit by me, she went
and bestowed her company upon that grumbling Mrs. Gummidge : and
on Mr. Peggotty's inquiring why, rumpled her hair all over her face to
hide it, and would do nothing but laugh.
   " A little puss, it is! " said Mr. Peggotty, patting her with his great hand.
   " So sh' is ! so sh' is ! " cried Ham. " Mas'r Davy boy, so sh' is ! "
and he sat and chuckled at her for some time, in a state of mingled admira-
tion and delight, that made his face a burning red.
   Little Em'ly was spoiled by them all, in fact; and by no one more than
Mr. Peggotty himself, whom she could have coaxed into anything, by only
going andlaying her cheek against his rough whisker. That was my opinion,
at least, when I saw her do i t ; and I held Mr. Peggotty to be thoroughly
in the right. But she was so affectionate and sweet-natured, and had such
a pleasant manner of being both sly and shy at once, that she captivated
me more than ever.
   She was tender-hearted, too ; for when, as we sat round the fire after tea,
an allusion was made by Mr. Peggotty over his pipe to the loss I had sus-
tained, the tears stood in her eyes, and she looked at me so kindly across
the table, that I felt quite thankful to her.
   "Ah ! " said Mr. Peggotty, taking up her curls, and running them over
his hand like water, " here's another orphan, you see, sir. And here,"
said Mr. Peggotty, giving Ham a back-handed knock in the chest, "is
another of 'em, though he don't look much like it."
   " If I had you for my guardian, Mr. Peggotty," said I, shaking my head,
" I don't think I should feel much like it."
   "Well said, Mas'r Davy bo' ! " cried Ham, in an ecstasy. '(Hoorah !
Well said ! Nor more you wouldn't ! Hor ! Hor ! "--Here             he returned
Mr. Peggotty's back-hander, and little Em'ly got up and kissed Mr.
Peggotty.
   "And how's your friend, sir ? " said Mr. Peggotty to me.
   " Steerforth? " said I.
   " That 's the name ! " cried Mr. Peggotty, turning to Ham. " I knowed
it was something in our way."
   "You said it was Rudderford," observed Ham, laughing.
   "Well ? " retorted Mr. Peggotty. "And ye steer with a rudder,
don't ye? I t ain't fur off. How is he, sir? "
