BRITISH COLLEGE OF HEALTH, NEW ROAD, LONDON.
                                        -
                  NOTAR IAL                         A T T E S T A T 10 N
                                                    FROM

                                        10,000 PERSONS
       I N   T H E     ISLAND           O F    C A P E     BRETON,           NOVA         SCOTIA,
               IN FAVOUR OF MR. MORISON'S VEGETABLE UNIVERSAL MEDICINE.

                                                               British College of Health, New Road, London.
  Messrs.MORISON have just received the following Notarial Attestation, under seal from N. H. Martin,
Esq., Notary Public of Cape Breton :-
                                                            Richmond County, Cape Breton, March 12, 1849.
                                T o JOHN
                                       M'KINNON,Esq., Hygeian Agent.
   DEARSIR,-The extraordinary cures which have been reported to me by several persons who laboured
under a variety of complaints, now convalescent through the benefits derived from the Pills sold by your
agents in this district, known as Morisou's Pills, deserve the widest publicity, and I should be wanting in
common gratitude to the discoverer of this valuable medicine, did I for one moment hesitate to advance my
opinion that its effects have saved many from a premature grave, particularly in this portion of Cape Breton.
Being a sceptic for years as to the wonderful cures which I read and heard of,and I must confess too prone
to ridicule the Pills as the production of quackery, I think it but fair to acknowledge my error, and manly
on my part to offer this apology to you as the agent for that incomparable medicine. I deeply regret that
of late a scarcity of the Pllls is felt in the south-eastern section of this island, owing, I understand, to the
treatment you have received from those agents whom you trusted, and who have, to a large amount, been
defaulters. I am requested by a large and influential body of people, personally known to me, to request
you will not visit the sins of a few on a grateful population, by keeping back your usual supply, and that
you will appoint Mr.Morris Kavanah, of Saint Peter's in this county, your future agent, in whose well-
known character and influence the greatest confidence may be placed. Perhaps I may be thought presump-
tuous in taking this liberty with you, but I have been requested to do so; indeed, I was solicited to open a
communication direct with the proprietors, but my other avocations are fully more than I can well attend
to, and have thus expressed to you the wishes of a very large portion of this island's population-say at least
ten thousand persons-leaving to your own judgment the course best to pursue. I am in possession of
numerous vouchers as to cures performed by the Pills, but really my time will not permit me to forward
 them to you, and our rate of postage is too high to send them in their present bulky form.

                I have the honour to remain, Sir,
                                 Your obedient servant,
                                            N. H. MARTIN,
                            Justice of the Peace and Notary Public.
   P.S. Fearing from very slight acquaintance with you, that you may                    BRETON.
suspcct imposition-not an uncommon practice in these days-I have
affixed my notarial seal, this 12th day of March, 1849.



  GENERAL A G E N T S F O R T H E S A L E O F MORISON'S PILLS I N LONDON:-
      368, Strand      .    .
                              . . . . . . . ..
                                .
       65, Quadrant, Regent-street
                                   .
       53, Cambridge.street, Edgeware-road
                                           .      , .
                                                     ,
                                                         . THE HYGEIST OFPICE.
                                                           Mr. FIELD.
                                                           Mrs. Gooo.
       63, Oxford-street . .     . .. . . .
        1, Park.place, Mile End-road
                                    .   .            .   . Mrs. LOFTS.

                           . . . . . .. . .. ...
                                                           D ~ ~ T R I C H&~HANNAY,
                                                                            EN      Perfumers.
       20, New-road, St. George's in the East              Mr. J. KAINES.
       55, Watling-street           .             ,        Mrs. E. DARE.
      133, GreatTower Street .                 .
      182, Strand      . .   . . . . . . . . ..            Mr. BALDWIN.
                                                           Mr. E. GRIPFIN,Perfumer.
                             . .
      128, Tottenham Court-road       . . . ..
         8, Townsend-street, 0id Kent Road
                                             .         . Mrs.   FOIJLSER.
                                                           Mrs. BAUCHER.
        68, Cornhill
       83, High ~ o l d o r n' '    '
                                         . . ..
       53, Great Chart-street, East-road, Hoxton

                                        . ' '
                                                           Mr. J. DINMORE.
                                                           Mr. R. JOHNSTONE,
                                                           Mr. WILLIAMHALLET.
                                                                             Perfumer, &c.
            ~andolph-street,'~akden          .
                                      Tow;, ~ d s office
                                                   t       Mr. J. FORSTER*
