4                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.


                 Mr. M. A. TITMARSH'S
        NEW ROMAUNT OF T H E DAYS OF CHIVALRY.
MESSRS. CHAPMAN AND HALL have the pleasure to announce for
               Christmas, the publication of a highly Chivalrous Legend by the above author, entitled,

      REBECCA AND ROWENA;
                                   kl Xomance upon a8omance.
   A Story for Christmas (and indeed a n y other season,) containing Perilous Adventures, Tremendous Battles,
Tender Love-making, Profound Historical Knowledge, and a (tolerably) happy ending. The whole illustrated
with woodcuts by RICHARDDOYLE.
   Those readers who saw in Fraser's Magazine some three years since the proposals for a continuation of
Ivanhoe, whlch were issued by t h e undersigned, very likely imagined that like a thousand magnificent rail-
road-projects and other schemes then rife, m y plan for a Walter-Scott-continuation and Isaac-of-Ynrk-and-
Ivanhoe Junction, was never t o be brought t o completion. But passing many hours o n t h e sofa of late, reco-
vering from a fever, and ordered by Dr. ELLIOTSON(whose skill and friendship rescued me from it1 ON N O
A C C O U N T to put pen t o paper, I, of course, wished to write immediately, for which I humbly ask t h e Doctor's
pardon.
   I t need scarcely be said that t h e humble artist who usually illustrates my works fell ill a t t h e sametime with
myself, and on trial his hand shook s o t h a t it was found impossible he could work for t h e present volume.
But this circumstan)ce n o one but t h e author (who disapproves of odious comparisons) will regret, a s i t h a s
called in the aid of my friend, Mr. RICHARDDOYLE,t o illustrate t h e tale.
   R e c c i v ~it kindly, you gentle readers of novels, who love poetical justice; and you h o ~ ~ echil~lren
                                                                                                       st       of large
and small growth, who st111I!avc a relislr for a little play
                                                           - . and nonsense, and the harmless jingle of the rap aud
bells.
                                                                                           M. A. TITMARSH.
   Kensington, December 1.
                           LONDON: CHAPMAN & HALL, 186, STRAND.

            NEW MONTHLY WORK,                                        BY        M R S . ELLIS;
                        AUTHOR OF     '' SOCIAL   DISTINCTION;   OR, HEARTS A N D HOMES."

On the First of January, 1850, will be published the First Number,price Two Shillings, to be continued monthly,
                                          MRS. E L L I S ' S




Being a new and original Miscellany, especially written and arranged for the instruction and entertainment of
t h e Ladies of the British Empire. I t willhe conducted by MRS. ELLIS,and open with a new work of fiction.
descriptive of domestic life, from her admired pen. Tales and Sketches by the ablest authors of t h e day will
appear in its pages, which will b e further illustrated with engravings from paintings by t h e most eminent
modern artists, embracing everything that can interest theMother, t h e Wife, and the Daughter; in connection
with the Fine Arts and Elegant Literature.
                        J O H N & FREDERICK TALLIS, LONDON AND NEW YORK.


         Cheap Edition of the Novels and Tales of
                  G. P. R. JAMIES, Esq.
M ~ s s a s .SIMMS& M'INTYREbeg t o announce, that having purchased the Copy right of all Mr. JAMES'S
WORKSOF FICTION,     i t is their intention t o publish them in t h e " PARLOUR LIBRARY,"varied a t intervals b y
works of other celebrated authors.
    To meet the views of those who may desire t o have these admirable works bound in a more lastingmanner
than that hitherto adopted in the " P A R L O U RLIBRARY,"i t is intended t o issue them also in volumes bound i n
Fancy Cloth, with Gilt Back, a t EIGHTEEN-PENCE         each. The consecut~venumbering will be dropped, s o that
a selection may be made from the Series without having the appearance of being imperfect.
                                  On December Ist, 1849, Will bepublished,
                                       T H E GIPSY.
              Price One Shilling i n Boards; or, One Shilling and Sixpence in. Tancy Cloth, Gilt Back.
    SIMMS & M'INTYRE, PATERNOSTER ROW, LONDON ; AND DONEGAL STREET, BELFAST.
OEORGE PHILIP AND BON) LIVERPOOL. J. MENZIES, EDINBURGH. R. GRIFFIN AND Coot OLASGOWI
                                            JAMES P'GLASHAN,      DUBLIN.
