                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            1133
   "I believe you, my pet," replied Miss Mowcher. "I keep his nails in
order for him. Twice a week ! Fingers and toes !"
   "He pays well, I hope ? " said Steerforth.
   "Pays as he speaks, my dear child-through the nose," replied Miss
Mowcher. "None of your close shavers the Prince ain't. You 'd say so,
if you saw his moustachios. Red by nature, black by art."
   "By your art, of course," said Steerforth.
   Miss Mowcher winked assent. " Forced to send for me. Couldn't
help it. The climate affected his dye ; it did very well in Russia, but it
was no go here. You never saw such a rusty Prince in all your born
days as he was. Like old iron ! "
   " I s that why you called him a humbug, just now? " inquired Steerforth.
   " Oh, you're a broth of a boy, ain't you?" returned Miss Mowcher,
shaking her head violently. " I said, what a set of humbugs we were in
general, and I showed you the scraps of the Prince's nails to prove it. The
Prince's nails do more for me, in private families of the genteel sort, than
all my talents put together. I always carry 'em about. They 're the best
introduction. If Miss Mowcher cuts the Prince's nails, she must be all
right. I give 'em away to the young ladies. They put 'em in albums,
I believe. Ha ! ha ! ha ! Upon my life, 'the whole social system ' (as the
men call it when they make speeches in Parliament) is a system of Prince's
nails!" said this least of women, trying to fold her short arms, and
nodding her large head.
   Steerforth laughed heartily, and I laughed too. Miss Mowcher con-
tinuing all the time to shake her head (which was very much on one side),
and to look into the air with one eye, and to wink with the other.
   " Well, well ! " she said, smiting her small knees, and rising, " this is not

business. Come, Steerforth,let 's explore the polar regions, and have it over."
   She then selected two or three of the little instruments, and a little
bottle, and asked (to my surprise) if the table would bear. On Steerforth's
replying in the affirmative, she pushed a chair against it, and begging the
assistance of my hand, mounted up, pretty nimbly, to the top, as if it
were a stage.
    "If either of you saw my ankles," she said, when she was safely
elevated, " say so, and 1'11 go home and destroy myself."
    " 1did not," said Steerforth.

    " I did not," said I.
    " Well then," cried Miss Mowcher, "1'11 consent to live.     Now, ducky,
 ducky, ducky, come to Mrs. Bond and be killed ! "
    This was an invocation to Steerforth to place himself under her hands ;
 who, accordingly, sat himself down, with his back to the table, and his
laughing face towards me, and submitted his head to her inspection,
 evidently for no other purpose than our entertainment. To see Miss
 Mowcher standing over him, looking at his rich profusion of brown hair
 through a large round magnifying glass, which she took out of her pocket,
 was a most amazing spectacle.
    " You 're a pretty fellow ! " said Miss Mowcher, after a brief inspection.
 "You'd be as bald as a friar on the top of your head in twelve months,
 but for me. Just half-a-minute, my young friend, and we'll give you a
 polishing that shall keep your curls on for the next ten years ! "
    With this, she tilted some of the contents of the little bottle on to one
