524           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   Mrs. Gummidge, leaning on her basket, made no observation.
   " Theer 'S the very locker that you used to sit on, 'long with Em'ly ! "

said Mr. Peggotty, in a whisper. " I 'm a going to carry it away with
me, last of all. And heer 'S your old little bedroom, see, Mas'r Davy !
b'most as bleak to-night, as 'art could wish ! "
   I n truth, the wind, though it was low, had a solemn sound, and crept
around the deserted house with a whispered wailing that was very mourn-
ful. Everything was gone, down to the little mirror with the oyster-shell
frame. I thought of myself, lying here, when that first great change was
being wrought at home. I thought of the blue-eyed child who had
enchanted me. I thought of Steerforth : and a foolish, fearful fancy came
upon me of his being near at hand, and liable to be met at any turn.
    " 'Tis like to be long," said Mr. Peggotty, in a low voice, "afore the
boat finds new tenants. They look upon 't, down heer, as being unfort'-
nate now ! "
    " Does it belong to anybody in the neighbourhood ? " I asked.

   "To a mast-maker up town," said Mr. Peggotty. " I ' m a going to
give the key to him to-night."
   We looked into the other little room, and came back to Mrs. Gummidge,
sitting on the locker, whom Mr. Peggotty, putting the light on the
chimney-piece, requested to rise, that he might carry it outside the door
before extinguishing the candle.
   "Dan'l," said Mrs. Gummidge, suddenly deserting her basket, and
clinging to his arm, "my dear Dan'l, the parting words I speak in this
house is, I mustn't be left behind. Doen't ye think of leaving me behind,
Dan'l ! Oh, doen't ye ever do it ! "
   Mr. Peggotty, taken aback, looked from Mrs. Gummidge to me, and
from me to Mrs. Gummidge, as if he had been awakened from a sleep.
   " Doen't ye, dearest Dan'l, doen't ye ! " cried Mrs. Gummidge, fervently.

" Take me 'long with you, Dan'l, take me 'long with you and Em'ly !

I'll be your servant, constant and trew. If there 'S slaves in them parts
where you 're a going, I'll be bound to you for one, and happy, but doen't
ye leave me behind, Dan'l, that 'S a deary dear ! "
   "My good soul," said Mr. Peggotty, shaking his head, "you doen't
know what a long voyage, and what a hard life 'tis ! "
   " Yes I do, Dan'l ! I can guess ! " cried Mrs. Gummidge. " But my
parting words under this roof is, I shall go into the house and die, if I am
not took. I can dig, Dan'l. I can work. I can live hard. I can be
loving and patient now-more than you think, Dan'l, if you 'l1 on'y try
me. I wouldn't touch the 'lowance, not if I was dying of want, Dan'l
Peggotty ; but I 'U go with you and Em'ly, if you 'l1 on'y let me, to the
world's end ! I know how 'tis ; I know you think that I am lone and
lorn; but, deary love, 'tan't so no more! I an't sat here, so long, a
watching, and a thinking of your trials, without some good being done
me. Mas'r Davy, speak to him for me ! I knows his ways, and Em'ly's,
and I knows their sorrows, and can be a comfort to 'em, some odd times,
and labor for 'em allus ! Dan'l, deary Dan'l, let me go 'long with you ! "
   And Mrs. Gummidge took his hand, and kissed it with a homely pathos
and affection, in a homely rapture of devotion and gratitude, that he well
deserved.
   We brought the locker out, extinguished the candle, fastened the door on
