                        O F DAVID COPPERFIELD.

a much longer time. A dashing way he had of treating me like a play-
thing, was more agreeable to me than any behaviour he could have
adopted. I t reminded me of our old acquaintance ; it seemed the natural
sequel of it ; it showed me that he was unchanged ; it relieved me of any
uneasiness I might have felt, in comparing my merits with his, and mea-
suring my claims upon his friendship by any equal standard; above all, it
was a familiar, unrestrained, affectionate demeanor that he used towards
no one else. As he had treated me at school differently from all the rest,
I joyfully believed that he treated me in life unlike any other friend he
had. I believed that I was nearer to his heart than any other friend, and
my own heart warmed with attachment to him.
   He made up his mind to go with me into the country, and the day
arrived for our departure. He had been doubtful at first whether to take
Littimer or not, but decided to leave him at home. The respectable
creature, satisfied with his lot whatever it was, arranged our portmanteaus
on the little carriage that was to take us into London, as if they were
intended to defy the shocks of ages; and received my modestly proffered
donation with perfect tranquillity.
   We bade adieu to Mrs. Steerforth and Miss Dartle, with many thanks
on my part, and much kindness on the devoted mother's. The last
thing I saw was Littimer's unruffled eye ; fraught, as I fancied, with the
silent conviction that I was very young indeed.
   What I felt, in returning so auspiciously to the old familiar places, I
shall not endeavour to describe. We went down by the Mail. I was so
concerned, I recollect, even for the honor of Yarmouth, that when Steer-
forth said, as we drove through its dark streets to the inn, that, as well as
he could make out, it was a good, queer, out-of-the-way kind of hole, I
was highly pleased. We went to bed on our arrival (I observed a pair of
dirty shoes and gaiters in connexion with my old friend the Dolphin as
we passed that door), and breakfasted late in the morning. Steerforth,
who was in great spirits, had been strolling about the beach before I was
up, and had made acquaintance, he said, with half the boatmen in the
place. Moreover he had seen, in the distance, what he was sure must be
the identical house of Mr. Peggotty, with smoke coming out of the
chimney; and had had a great mind, he told me, to walk in and swear he
was myself grown out of knowledge.
   "When do you propose to introduce me there, Daisy ?" he said. "I am
at your disposal. Make your own arrangements."
   " Why, I was thinking that this evening would be a good time, Steer-

forth, when they are all sitting round the fire. I should like you to see it
when it's snug, it's such a curious place."
   " So be it !" returned Steerforth. " This evening."
   " I shall not give them any notice that we are here, you know," said I,
delighted. "We must take them by surprise."
   " Oh, of course !   It's no fun," said Steerforth, " unless we take them
by surprise. Let us see the natives in their aboriginal condition."
    " Though they are that sort of people that you mentioned," I returned.

   "Aha! What! you recollect my skirmishes with Rosa, do you?" he
exclaimed with a quick look. " Confound the girl, I am half afraid of her.
She's like a goblin to me. But never mind her. Now what are you
going to d o ? You are going to see your nurse, I suppose?"
