432          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

benignant patronage, as if our happy love were all her work ; and we were
perfectly contented with ourselves and one another.
   The gentle cheerfulness of Agnes went to all their hearts. Her q~liet
interest in everything that interested Dora; her manner of making
acquaintance with Jip (who responded instantly) ; her pleasant way, when
Dora was ashamed to come over to her usual seat by me; her modest
grace and ease, eliciting a crowd of blushing little marks of confidence
from Dora ; seemed to make our circle quite complete.
   " I am so glad," said Dora, after tea, "that you like me. I didn't
think you would; and I want, more than ever, to be liked, now Julia
Mills is gone."
   I have omitted to mention it, by-the-bye. Miss Mills had sailed, and
Dora and I had gone aboard a great East Indiaman at Gravesend to see
her; and we had had preserved ginger, and guava, and other delicacies
of that sort for lunch; and mc had left Miss Mills weeping on a camp-
stool on the quarter-deck, with a large new diary under her arm, in which
the original reflections awakened by the contemplation of Ocean were to be
recorded under lock and key.
   Agnes said, she was afraid I must have given her an unpromising cha-
racter; but Dora corrected that directly.
   " Oh no ! " she said, shaking her curls at me; " i t was all praise. H e
thinks so much of your opinion, that I was quite afraid of it."
   " My good opinion cannot strengthen his attachment to some people
whom he knows," said Agnes, with a smile ; "it is not worth their having."
   " But please let me have it," said Dora, in her coaxing way, "if you

can ! "
   We made merry about Dora's wanting to be liked, and Dora said I was
a goose, and she didn't like me at any rate, and the short evening flew
away on gossamer-wings. The time was at hand when the coach was to
call for us. I was standing alone before the fire, when Dora came
stealing softly in, to give me that usual precious little kiss before I
went.
   "Don't you think, if I had had her for a friend a long time ago,
Doady," said Dora, her bright eyes shining very brightly, and her little
right hand idly busying itself with one of the buttons of my coat, " I
mighi have been more clever perhaps? "
   '&lt; My love ! " said I, " what nonsense ! "
   "Do you think it is nonsense?" returned Dora, without looking at
me. "Are you sure it is ? "
   " Of course I am ! "

   c r I have forgotten,'' said Dora, still turning the button round and round,
" what relation Agnes is to you, you dear bad boy."
   " No blood-relation," I replied ; " but we were brought up together,
like brother and sister."
   "I wonder why you ever fell in love with me? " said Dora, beginning
on another button of my coat.
   "Perhaps because I couldn't see you, and not love you, Dora ! "
   " Suppose you had never seen me at all," said Dora, going to another
button.
   " Suppose we had never been born ! " said I, gaily.
