378            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

wishing our friends health, happiness, and success in their new career. I
begged Mr. Micawber to fill us bumpers, and proposed the toast in due
form : shaking hands with him across the table, and kissing Mrs. Micawber,
to commemorate that eventful occasion. Traddles imitated me in the
first particular, but did not consider himself a sufficiently old friend to
venture on the second.
   " My dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, rising with one of his thumbs
in each of his waistcoat pockets, "the companion of my youth : if I may
be allowed the expression-and my esteemed friend Traddles : if I may be
permitted to call him so-will allow me, on the part of Mrs. Micawber,
myself, and our offspring, to thank them in the warmest and most uncom-
promising terms for their good wishes. I t may be expected that on the
eve of a migration which will consign us to a perfectly new existence,"
Mr. Micawber spoke as if they were going five hundred thousand miles,
"I should offer a few valedictory remarks to two such friends as I see
before me. But all that I have to say in this way, I have said. Whatever
station in society I may attain, through the medium of the learned profes-
sion of which I am about to become an unworthy member, I shall
endeavour not to disgrace, and Mrs. Micawber will be safe to adorn.
Under the temporary pressure of pecuniary liabilities, contracted with a
view to their immediate liquidation, but remaining unliquidated through
a combination of circumstances, I have been under the necessity of
assuming a garb from which my natural instincts recoil-I allude to
spectacles-and possessing myself of a cognomen, to which I can establish
no legitimate pretensions. All I have to say on that score is, that the
cloud has passed from the dreary scene, and the God of Day is once more
high upon the mountain tops. On Monday next, on the arrival of the
four o'clock afternoon coach at Canterbury, my foot will be on my native
heath-my name, Micawber ! "
   Mr. Micawber resumed his seat on the close of these remarks, and drank
two glasses of punch in grave succession. H e then said with much
solemnity :
   " One thing more I have to do, before this separation is complete, and

that is to perform an act of justice. My friend Mr. Thomas Traddles
has, on two several occasions, 'put his name,' if I may use a common
expression, to bills of exchange for my accommodation. On the first
occasion Mr. Thomas Traddles was left-let me say, in short, in the lurch.
The fulfilment of the second has not yet arrived. The amount of the first
obligation," here Mr. Micawber carefully referred to papers, "was, I
believe, twenty-three, four, nine and a half; of the second, according to
my entry of that transaction, eighteen, six, two. These sums, united,
make a total, if my calculation is correct, amounting to forty-one, ten, eleven
and a half. My friend Copperfield will perhaps do me the favor to check
that total ? "
   I did so and found it correct.
   " To leave this metropolis," said Mr. Micawber, " and my friend Mr.
Thomas Traddles, without acquitting myself of the pecuniary part of this
obligation, would weigh upon my mind to an insupportable extent. I
 have, therefore, prepared for my friend Mr. Thomas Traddles, and I now
 hold in my hand, a document, which accomplishes the desired object. I
 beg to hand to my friend Mr. Thomas Traddles my I. 0. U. for forty-one,
