                       COMPLETION

KNIGHT'S SHILLING VOLUMES
                      FOR ALL READERS,
                                  PUBLISHED BY

           C. COX, 12, KING WILLIAM STREET, STRAND.


                  POSTSCRIPT, BY THE EDITOR,
          TO THE CONCLUDING VOLUME OF THE SERIES, ENTITLED
                RAMBLES BY RIVERS : THE THAMES," VOL. 11.



THISSeries was commenced in June, 1844. I t has been continued, first in
Weekly Volumes, and subsequently in Monthly Volumes, for five years. The
Series is now terminated with the publication of the 186th volume.
  The Series divides itself into three distinct portions :-
           The Weekly and Monthly Volulnes - - - -              - -
           The cabinet Portrait ~ a l l e of
                                          r ~British Worthies   - -   12
           The Cabinet History of England - - - - -             - -   26--186

   I n the original announcement of this work I thus stated the objects which IL
would endeavour to attain :-
   " W e propose to place within the reach of all readers a series of books
which shall ultimately comprehend something like that range of literature
which well-educated persons desire to have a t their command. I n this series
there will be no attempt a t exclusiveness. W e shall not take up the most
false and dangerous opinion that the understandings of the masses should be
written down to, nor will mere didactic instruction only be attempted. A
taste for knowledge is not so induced. The recreation of genial and amusing
reading should be offered in connexion with what is solid and serious. The
publishers possess many valuable copyrights which may be readily adapted to
this purpose. There is a great deal also to be done anew, in the way of
judicious compilations, of translations from foreign works, and of original
productions by authors of ability, conceived in a right spirit. W e have many
offers of assistance from writers of established reputation, who feel that the
circulation of their thoughts in a cheap pocket volume is a tribute to their
usefulness and their reputation. W e have no want of materials to conduct
this undertaking steadily and extensively."
   I now venture to believe that I have accomplished what I proposed to do.
   First,-I have endeavoured to produce a series of books which comprehends
something like that range of literature which well-educated persons desire to
have at their command. Without attempting any very exact classification of
                                                                      B
