                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                                   9


          WARREN'S SKETCHES OF CHARACTER.
M R . ,WARREN, whose success in delineating the character of individuals from
     their Handwriting has been so remarkable since his first public introduction of the science into this
country, continues his interesting experiments. Specimens of writing, enclosi~lgthe fee of 13 postage stamps,
and mentioning the applicant's sex, to be forwarded to J. WARREN,Esq., 9, Great College-street, Westm n er.



                                                 USE
            KIRBY,BEARD & c??
           RE PLUS ObTRA NEEDLES,
                    WITH LARGE DRILLED EYES.
              Sold by every Draper,&c. in the United Kingdom.


COPY YOUR LETTERS.
                          No man of business should write a letter, or transmit any
                        document of imnnrtance. without k e e ~ i n a CODY of it. The
                        additional 1abou;of eopyi;lg by hand, caused by-the introduc-
                        tion of cheap postage, may be entirely saved; a s twenty
                        letters may be copied in five minutes; by WATERLOW    & SONS'

                             Improved Patent Copying Machines,
    The Working Parts manufactured of Steel, and finished with the greatest accuracy.



                                  4 4
       The above Presses, although lower  id
                                          price than those of any other manufacturer, are all zuarranted, and
              will be immediately exchange@,or the money returned, lf any fault 1s discovered.
                                 WATERLOW & SONS,
    attranufacturing Stationers, q r i n k r s , lit$ograpfjera, anb CEngtabera,
                               65, 66, 67, & 68, LONDON WALL, LONDON.
c   -
              DEFORMITIES OF T H E C H E S T AND SPINE.
                             EACZLAND'S INVISIBLE SPINE SUPPORT, under
                           the Patronage of Her Majesty's Surgeons. &e.-Ladies
                           suffering from spinal deviations and their injurious con.
                           sequences are solicited t o inspect Mr. EAGLAND'S      newly-
                           invented and inimitable SPINAL SUPPORTS. Their
                           beautifulsimplicity, extreme lightness, and their eaciency
                           as a remedial agent, have proved them superior to any
                           others j indeed, they have become eminently successful.
                           They are also completely imperceptible, conceal the
                           defects (without paddirrg) from the most scrutinising
                           observer, and never fail t o confer immediate relief.
                           Mr. E. has the pleasure t o add that he is empowered t o
                           refer to ladies of the first respectabillty as to the value of
                           his invention, i n addition t o which he holds testimonials
                           of the highest order. Mrs. EAoLAND is i n constant
                           attendance from 12 till 5 daily.
                              21, COVENTRY STREET, HAYMARKET.

                                                          R A C E GLASSES, warranted the
T0        secure Household
     BOND,S PERMANENT
                                     Linen       and
       Wearing Apparel against Loss or M~stake,use
                                          INK.
                                                                best and most powerful, price 41. los., including
                                                          a Patent Leather Sling Case, at CALLAGHAN'S,
                                                          PRACTICALOPTICIAN,45, GREATRUSSELLSTREET,
The Original, and by far the best, requiring n o          BLOOMSBURY,LO~D          Sent
                                                                                     O Ncarriage.free
                                                                                         .                  toany part
preparation.
. .                                                       of the kingdom.
  Prepared by the Inventor            'OND 28 Long          N B Sole Agent by appointment for the sale of
Lane, West Smithfield. it;, and sold by L o & Che.        the ceiebrated Gfas)ses, made by ~ o i i t l l n d e r , V ~ e n n a .
                                                            DEER.STALKING TELESCOPES,                              a new
mists, Stationers, and Medicine Vendors.                  construction, and every other description suited for
              Price One Shilling a bottle,                Keepers, Tourists, Yachting, &c. &c. &c.
