                       OF DAVID    COPPERFIELD.




                          CHAPTER XXIX.
              I VISIT STEERFORTH AT HIS HOME, AGAIN.

    I MENTIONED to Mr. Spenlow in the morning, that I wanted leave of
absence for a short time; and as I was not in the receipt of any salary,
and consequently was not obnoxious to the implacable Jorkins, there was
no difficulty about it. I took that opportunity, with my voice sticking in
my throat, and my sight failing as I uttered the words, to express my hope
that Miss Spenlow was quite well ; to which Mr. Spenlow replied, with no
more emotion than if he had been speaking of an ordinary human being,
that he was much obliged to me, and she was very well.
    We articled clerks, as germs of the patrician order of proctors, were
treated with so much consideration, that I was almost my own master at
all times. As I did not care, however, to get to Highgate before one or
two o'clock in the day, and as we had another little excommunication case
in court that morning, which was called The office of the Judge promoted
by Tipkins against Bullock for his soul's correction, I passed an hour or
two in attendance on it with Mr. Spenlow very agreeably. I t arose out of
a scuffle between two churchwardens, one of whom was alleged to have
pushed the other against a pump ; the handle of which pump projecting
into a school-house, which school-house was under a gable of the church-
roof, made the push an ecclesiastical offence. I t was an amusing case ;and
sent me up to Highgate, on the box of the stage-coach, thinking about the
Commons, and what Mr. Spenlow had said about touching the Commons
and bringing down the country.
    Mrs. Steerforth was pleased to see me, and so was Rosa Dartle.
I was agreeably surprised to find that Littimer was not there, and that we
were attended by a modest little parlor-maid, with blue ribbons in her cap,
whose eye it was much more pleasant, and much less disconcerting, to
catch by accident, than the ej7e of that respectable man. But what I
particularly observed, before I had been half-an-hour in the house, was the
close and attentive watch Miss Dartle kept upon me; and the lurking
manner in which she seemed to compare my face with Steerforth's, and
 Steerforth's with mine, and to lie in wait for something to come out
between the two. So surely as I looked towards her, did I see that eager
visage, with its gaunt black eyes and searching brow, intent on mine; or
passing suddenly from mine to Steerforth's ; or comprehending both of
us at once. I n this lynx-like scrutiny she was so far from faltering
when she saw I observed it, that at such a time she only fixed her piercing
look upon me with a more intent expression still. Blameless as I was, and
knew that T was, in reference to any wrong she could possibly suspect me
 of, I shrunk before her strange eyes, quite unable to endure their
 hungry lustre.
    All day, she seemed to pervade the whole house. If I talked to
