18             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 The toast was received with great applause, and such hearty laughter that
it made me laugh too; at which they laughed the more. I n short, we
quite enjoyed ourselves.
   We walked about on the cliff after that, and sat on the grass, and
looked at things through a telescope-I could make out nothing myself
when it was put to my eye, but I pretended I could-and then we came
back to the hotel to an early dinner. All the time we were out, the two
gentlemen smoked incessantly-which, I thought, if I might judge from the
smell of their roughcoats, they must have been doing, ever since the coatshad
first come home from the tailor's. I must not forget that we went on
board the yacht, where they all three descended into the cabin, and were busy
with some papers. I saw them quite hard at work, when I looked down
through the open skylight. They left me, during this time, with a very nice
man with a very large head of red hair and a very small shiny hat upon it,
who had got a cross-barred shirt or waistcoat on, with " Skylark " in capital
letters across the chest. I thought it was his name; and that as he lived
on board ship and hadn't a street-door to put his name on, he put it
there instead; but when I called him Mr. Skylark, he said it meant the
vessel.
   I observed all day that Mr. Murdstone was graver and steadier than the
two gentlemen. They were very gay and careless. They joked freely with
one another, but seldom with him. I t appeared to me that he was more
clever and cold than they were, and that they regarded him with some-
thing of my own feeling. I remarked that once or twice when Mr.
Quinion was talking, he looked at Mr. Murdstone sideways, as if to make
sure of his not being displeased ; and that once when Mr. Passnidge (the
other gentleman) was in high spirits, he trod upon his foot, and gave him
a secret caution with his eyes, to observe Mr. &!turdstone, who was sitting
stern and silent. Nor do I recollect that Mr. Murdstone laughed at all
that day, except at the Sheffield joke-and that, by the by, was his
own.
   MTe went home early in the evening. I t was a very fine evening, and
my mother and he had another stroll by the sweet-briar, while I was sent
in to get my tea, When he was gone, my mother asked me all about the
day I had had, and what they had said and done. I mentioned what they
had said about her, and she laughed, and told me they were impudent
fellows who talked nonsense-but I knew it pleased her. I knew it quite
as well as I know it now. I took the opportunity of asking if she was
at all acquainted with Nr. Brooks of Sheffield, but she answered
No, only she supposed he must be a manufacturer in the knife and fork
way.
   Can I say of her face-altered as I have reason to remember it,
perished as I know i t is-that it is gone, when here it comes before me at
this instant, as distinct as any face that I may choose to look on in a
crowded street? Can I say of her innocent and girlish beauty, that it
faded, and was no more, when its breath falls on my cheek now, as it fell
that night ? Can I say she ever changed, when my remembrance brings
her back to life, thus only ; and, truer to its loving youth than I have been,
or man ever is, still holds fast what it cherished then?
