 530           THE PERSONAL HISTORY A N D EXPERIENCE

  care. You '11 make nothing of this. We understand each other, you and
  me. There's no love between us. You were always a puppy with a
  proud stomach, from your first coming here ; and you envy me my rise, do
  you? None of your plots against me; I 1' 1 counterplot you! Micawber,
  you be off'. I 'l1 talk to you presently."
     " Mr. Micawber," said I, " there is a sudden change in this fellow, in
  more respects than the extraordinary one of his speaking the truth in one
 particular, which assures me that he is brought to bay. Deal with him
 as he deserves ! "
     "You are a precious set of people, ain't you?" said Uriah, in the
 same low voice, and breaking out into a clammy heat, which he wiped
 from his forehead, with his long lean hand, " to buy over my clerk, who
 is the very scum of society,-as you yourself were, Copperfield, you know
 it, before anyone had charity on you,-to defame me with his lies ?
 Miss Trotwood,. you had better stop this; or I'll stop your husband
 shorter than w ~ l lbe pleasant to you. I won't know your story profes-
 sionally, for nothing, old lady ! Miss Wickfield, if you have any love for
 your father, you had better not join that gang. I'll ruin him, if you do.
 Now, come! I have got some of you under the harrow. Think twice,
 before it goes over you. Think twice, you, Micawber, if you don't want
 to be crushed. I recommend you to take yourself off, and be talked to
 presently, you fool ! while there 'S time to retreat. Where 'S mother ! "
 he said, suddenly appearing to notice, with alarm, the absence of Traddles,
 and pulling down the bell-rope. "Fine doings in a person's own
house !"
    " Nrs. Heep is here, sir," said Traddles, returning with that worthy

mother of a worthy son. " I have taken the liberty of making myself
known to her."
    " Who are you to make yourself known ? " retorted Uriah. " And
what do you want here? "
    "I am the agent and friend of Mr Wickfield, sir," said Traddles, in a
composed business-like way. "And I have a power of attorney from him
in my pocket, to act for him in all matters."
    " The old ass has drunk himself into a state of dotage," said Uriah,
                                                                               '
turning uglier than before, " and it has been got from him by fraud ! "
    "Something has been got from him by fraud, I know," returned
Traddles quietly ; " and so do you, Mr. Heep. We will refer that question,
if you please, to Mr. Micawber."
    " Ury- !" Mrs. Heep began, with an anxious gesture.
    " You hold your tongue, mother," he returned ; " least said, soonest
mended."
    "But my Ury-."
    " Will you hold your tongue, mother, and leave it to me ? "

    Though I had long known that his servility was false, and all his pre-
tences knavish and hollow, I had had no adequate conception of the
extent of his hypocrisy, until I now saw him with his mask off. The
suddenness with which he dropped it, when he perceived that it was use-
less to him ; the malice, insolence, and hatred, he revealed; the leer with
which he exulted, even at this moment, in the evil he had done-
all this time being desperate too, and at his wits' end for the means
of getting the better of us-though perfectly consistent with the expe-
