574           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 Mr. Copperfield, Mr. Micawber's is not a common case. &Er. Micawber is
 going to a distant country, expressly in order that he may be fully under-
 stood and appreciated for the first time. I wish Mr. Micawber to take
 his stand upon that vessel's prow, and firmly say ' This country I am come
 to conquer! Have you honours? Have you riches? Have you posts of
 profitable pecuniary emolument? Let them be brought forward. They
are mine ! ' "
    Mr. Micawber,
  . .         ..
                    glancing at us all, seemed to think there was a good
 deal in this ~dea.
    "I wish Mr. Micawber, if I make myself understood," said Mrs.
 Micawber, in her argumentative tone, " t o be the Czsar of his own
 fortunes. That, my dear Mr Copperfield, appears to me to be his true
 position. Prom the first moment of this voyage, I wish Mr. Micawber to
 stand upon that vessel's prow and say, 'Enough of delay: enough of
 disappointment : enough of limited means. That was in the old country.
This is the new. Produce your reparation. Bring it forward ! ' "
    Mr. Micawber folded his arms, in a resolute manner, as if he were then
stationed on the figure-head.
    " And doing that," said Mrs. Micawber, " -feeling      his position-am I
not right in saying that Mr. Micawber will strengthen, and not weaken,
his connexiou with Britain? An important public character arising in
that hemisphere, shall I be told that its influence will not be felt at
home? Can I be so weak as to imagine that Mr. Micawber, wielding the
rod of talent and of power in Australia, will be nothing in England? I
am but a woman; but I should be unworthy of myself, and of my papa, if
I were guilty of such absurd weakness."
    Mrs. Micawber's conviction that her arguments were unanswerable,
gave a moral elevation to her tone which I think I had never heard
Fn it before.
    " And therefore it is," said Mrs. Micawber, "that I the more wish, that,

at a future period, we may live again on the parent soil. Mr. Micawber
may be-I cannot disguise from myself that the probability is,Mr. Micawber
will be-a page of History; and he ought then to be represented in the
country which gave him birth, and did not give him employment ! "
    " My love," observed Mr. Micawber, "it is impossible for me not to be

touched by yo~xraffection. I am always willing to defer to your good
sense. What will be-will be. Heaven forbid that I should gr~tdgemy
native country any portion of the wealth that may be accumulated by our
descendants ! "
   " That 'S well," said my aunt, nodding towards Mr. Peggotty, "and I
drink my love to you all, and every blessing and success attend you ! "
   Mr. Peggotty put down the two children he had been nursing, one on
each knee, to join Mr. and Mrs. Micawber in drinking to all of us in
return; and when he and the Micawbers cordially shoolr hands as com-
rades, and his brown face brightened with a smile, I felt that he would make
his way, establish a good name, and be beloved, go where he would.
   Even the children were instructed, each to dip a wooden spoon into
Mr. Micawber's pot, and pledge us in its contents. When this was done,
my aunt and Agnes rose, and parted from the emigrants. I t was a
sorrowful farewell. They were all crying; the children hung about Agnes
