    THE CASTLES AND ABBEYS OF ENGLAND.
                          A SUPERBLY ILLUSTRATED WORK,
By W. BEATTIE,h1.D. Member of the Institute of France, and Author of
      "Switzerland Illustrated," &c. kc. I n one vol. imperial 8vo. price 11. 5s.
   This work presents Engravings of whatever is most interesting or least known
i n the Scenery, Style, or Decoration of each subject, and is embellished with
Vignette specimens of the Castles, Abbeys, Cathedrals, Chapels, Tombs, Altars,
Halls, Galleries, Armouries, Portraits and Medallions, Sculptures, Arches, Gate-
ways, Antique Furniture and Inscriptions, Statues and fragments of Art, Festive,
Military, and Rural Scenes, Battle-fields, Banquet Halls, National Sports and
Athletic Games, and whatever illustrates most forcibly the minds, habits, and
pursuits of our baronial ancestors; the whole so distributed throughout the work,
that the engravings and the literary matter mutually illustrate each other, and
bring the edifices and their inhabitants once more before the eyes of the reader.


                            THE RHINE BOOK:
      Embracing the Scenery of the River, and its Historical and Legendary
                                     Associations.
                              By FRED. KNIGHTHUNT.
   THE RHINEBOOK,by a n arrangement entirely novel, seeks to separate the
romance of travel from its common-place, h'umerous illustrations from original
sketches, and all the attractions of the finest printing, render the volume worthy
of the library, the drawing-room, or the boudoir, whilst i t unites with its claims
to elegance those points of practical usefulness necessary i n a Guide Book. Dates,
distances, times, and prices, are fully and exactly stated, to enable the Tourist to
know and regulate his expenses at pleasure, and to avoid those extortions to
which, when destitute of such information, he would most certainly be subject.
            With One Hundred Engravings, square royal, cloth, 10s. 6d.


       WANDERINGS OF A PEN AND PENCIL ;
Being the Results of an Antiquarian and Picturesque Tour through the Nidland
           Counties of England, by F. P. PALMER   and ALPREDCROWQUILL.
   The Illustrations are drawn by the latter, and engraved by our best Artists.
   The book presents something of interest for those readers who cherish the
affection for antiquity, or an appreciation of manners, customs, and legends, which
abound i n the nooks of " Merry England."
   Super-royal avo. with One Hundred and Twenty Engravings, Maps, &c, cloth 14s.


                    AN HISTORICAL AND PICTURESQUE GUIDE TO
     THE BLACKWATER RIVER, I N MUNSTER.
                              BY J. R. O'FLANAGAN, ESQ.
                With Fifty-five Engravings. Small 4to. cloth, 10s. 6d.
   "From Mullen, famed for its mineral springs, to the bay of Youghal, flows the Blackwater-
a river which, in point of varied and beaut~ful scenery, may stand comparison with almost any
on the Continent. I t is the course of this noble stream-the picturesque and luxuriant soil
through which it glides-a soil teeming with the richest treasures, but less fostered by art than
any other within the British Islands-that Mr.O'Flanagan has made the subject of the present
very elegant work."-Dublin Euening Post.


                         OLD FOREST RANGER;
Or, Wild Sports of India, on the Neilgherry Hills, i n the Jungles, and on the
  Plains. By CAPTAIN   WALTER  CAMPBELL, of Skipness, late of the Seventh Royal
  Fusileers. The Second Edition, revised; with Eight Lithotint Plates and
  several Woodcuts. Square royal, price 149. cloth.
                                                     --
           LONDON:A. HALL, YIRTUE & GO. 25, PATERNOSTER
                                                     ROW.
