284            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    His old simple character and good temper, and something of his old
unlucky fortune also, I thought, smiled at me in the smile with which he
made this explanation.
    " I t 's not because I have the least pride, Copperfield, you understand,"
 said Traddles, " that I don't usually give my address here. It's only on
account of those who come to me, who might not like to come here.
For myself, I am fighting my way on in the world against difficulties,
and it would be ridiculous if I made a pretence of doing any thing else."
    " You are reading for the bar, Mr. waterbrook informed me? " said I.
    "Why, yes," said Traddles, rubbing his hands, slowly over one another,
" I am reading for the bar.      The fact is, I have just begun to keep my
terms, after rather a long delay. I t ' s some time since I was articled, but
the payment of that hundred pounds was a great pull. A great pull! "
said Traddles, with a wince, as if he had had a tooth out.
    "Do you know what I can't help thinking of, Traddles, as I sit here
looking at you?" I asked him.
    " No," said he.
      That sky-blue suit you used to wear."
    "Lord, to be sure ! " cried Traddles, laughing. "Tight in the arms
and legs, you know ? Dear me ! Well ! Those were happy times, weren't
they ? "
    "I think our schoolmaster might have made them happier, without
doing any harm to any of us, I acknowledge," I returned.
    " Perhaps he might," said Traddles.       " But dear me, there was a good

deal of fun going on. Do you remember the nights in the bed-room?
When we used to have the suppers? And when you used to tell the
stories? Ha, ha, ha! And do you remember when I got caned for
crying about Mr. Mell? Old Creakle! I should like to see him again,
too ! "
    " He was a brute to you, Traddles," said I, indignantly ; for his good

humour made me feel as if I had seen him beaten but yesterday.
    " Do you think so ? " returned Traddles.       " Really ? Perhaps he was,

rather. But it's all over, a long while. Old Creakle ! "
    " You were brought up by an uncle, then?" said I.

   " Of course I was ! " said Traddles. The one I was always going to
write to. And always didn't, eh! Ha, ha, ha! Yes, I had an uncle then.
He died soon after I left school."
    " Indeed ! "

    "Yes. H e was a retired-what do you call it !-draper-cloth-mer-
chant -and had made me his heir. But he didn't like me when I
grew up."
    "Do you really mean that?" said I. H e was so composed, that I
fancied he must have some other meaning.
    " 0 dear yes, Copperfield ! I mean it," replied Traddles. " I t was an
unfortunate thing, but he didn't like me at all. H e said I wasn't at all
what he expected, and so he married his housekeeper."
    " And what did you do ? " I asked.
    "I didn't do anything in particular," said Traddles. "I lived with
them, waiting to be put out in the world, until his gout unfortunately
flew to his stomach-and so he died, and so she married a young man,
 and so I wasn't provided for."
