286           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

we always say. And she would wait, Copperfield, till she was sixty-any
age you can mention-for me ! "
    Traddles rose from his chair, and, with a triumphant smile, put his hand
upon the white cloth I had observed.
    " However," he said, " it's not that we haven't made a beginning

towards housekeeping. No, no; we have begun. We must get on by
degrees, but we have begun. Here," drawing the cloth off with great
pride and care, "are two pieces of furniture to commence with. This
flower-pot and stand, she bought herself. You put that in a parlor-
window," said Traddles, falling a little back from it to survey i t with the
greater admiration, " with a plant in it, and-and there you are ! This
little round table with the marble top (it's two feet ten in circumference),
I bought. You want to lay a book down, you know, or somebody comes
to see you or your wife, and wants a place to stand a cup of tea upon,
and-and there you are again ! " said Traddles. " I t ' s an admirable
piece of workmanship-firm as a rock ! "
   I praised them both, highly, and Traddles replaced the covering as
carefully as he had removed it.
    " I t ' s not a great deal towards the furnishing," said Traddles, " but

it's something. The table-cloths and pillow-cases, and articles of that
kind, are what discourage me most, Copperfield. So does the iron-
mongery-candle-boxes, and gridirons, and that sort of necessaries-
because those things tell, and mount up. However, ' wait and hope !'
And I assure you she's the dearest girl ! "
    " I am quite certain of it," said I.
    " In the mean time," said Traddles, coming back to his chair; " and
this is the end of my prosing about myself, I get on as well as I can. I
don't make much, but I don't spend much. I n general, I board with the
people down-stairs, who are very agreeable people indeed. Both Mr. and
Mrs. Micawber have seen a good deal of life, and are excellent company."
    &lt;' My dear Traddles !" I quickly exclaimed. " What are you talking
about ! "
   Traddles looked at me, as if he wondered what I w a s talking about.
    " Mr. and Mrs. Micawber ! " I repeated. " Why, I am intimately
acquainted with them ! "
   An opportune double knock at the door, which I knew well from old
experience in Windsor Terrace, and which nobody but Mr. Micawber could
ever have knocked at that door, resolved any doubt in my mind as t o
their being my old friends. I begged Traddles to ask his landlord
to walk up. Traddles accordingly did so, over the bannister; and
Mr. Micawber, not a bit changed-his tights, his stick, his shirt-collar,
and his eye-glass, all the same as ever-came into the room with a genteel
and youthful air.
   " I beg your pardon, Mr. Traddles,"      said Mr. Micawber, with the old
roll in his voice, as he checked himself in humming a soft tune. " I was
not aware that there was any individual, alien to this tenement, in your
sanctum."
   Mr. Micawber slightly bowed to me, and pulled up his shirt-collar.
   "How do you do, Mr. Wcawber ? " said I.
   " Sir," said Mr. Micawber, " you are exceedingly obliging. I am ia
statu quo."
