392           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

that, in a few days. As to Miss Murdstone," for I had alluded to her in
the letter, " I respect that lady's vigilance, and feel obliged to her ; but she
has strict charge to avoid the subject. All I desire, Mr. Copperfield, is,
that it should be forgotten. All you have got to do, Mr. Copperfield, is,
to forget it."
   All! I n the note I wrote to lfiss Mills, I bitterly quoted this senti-
ment. All I had to do, I said, with gloomy sarcasm, was to forget Dora.
That was all, and what was that ! I entreated Miss Mills to see me, that
evening. If it could not be done with Mr. Mills's sanction and concur-
rence, I besought a clandestine interview in the back kitchen where the
Mangle was. I informed her that my reason was tottering on its throne,
and only she, Miss Mills, could prevent its being deposed. I signed
myself, hers distractedly; and I couldn't help feeling, when I read this
composition over, before sending it by a porter, that it was something in
the style of Mr. Micawber.
   However, I sent it. At night I repaired to Miss Mills's street, and
walked up and down, until I was stealthily fetched in by Miss Mills's
maid, and taken the area way to the back kitchen. I have since seen
reason to believe that there was nothing on earth to prevent my going in
at the front door, and being shown up into the drawing-room, except Miss
Mills's love of the romantic and mysterious.
   I n the back kitchen, I raved as became me. I went there, I suppose,
to make a fool of myself, and I am quite sure I did it. Miss Mills had
received a hasty note from Dora, telling her that all was discovered, and
saying, " Oh pray come to me, Julia, do, do ! " But Miss Mills, mistrust-
ing the acceptability of her presence to the higher powers, had not yet
gone ; and we were all benighted in the Desert of Sahara.
   Miss l!tills had a wonderful flow of words, and liked to pour them out.
I could not help feeling, though she mingled her tears with mine, that
she had a dreadful luxury in our afflictions. She petted them, as I may
say, and made the most of them. A deep gulf, she observed, had
opened between Dora and me, and Love could only span it with its
rainbow. Love must suffer in this stern world; it ever had been so, it
ever would be so. No matter, Miss Mills remarked. Hearts confined by
cobwebs would burst at last, and then Love was avenged.
   This was small consolation, but Miss Mills wouldn't encourage fallacious
hopes. She made me much more wretched than I was before, and I felt
(and told her with the deepest gratitude) that she was indeed a friend.
We resolved that she should go to Dora the first thing in the morning,
and find some means of assuring her, either by looks or words, of my
devotion and misery. We parted, overwhelmed with grief; and I think
Miss Mills enjoyed herself completely.
   I confided all to my aunt when I got home ; and in spite of all she could
say to me, went to bed despairing. I got up despairing, and went
out despairing. I t was Saturday morning, and I went straight to the
Commons.
   I was surprised, when I came within sight of our office-door, to see the
ticket-porters standing outside talking together, and some half dozen
stragglers gazing at the windows which were shut up. I quickened my
pace, and, passing among them, wondering at their looks, went hurriedly in.
