396          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   "Tuesday. D. weak and nervous. Beautiful in pallor. (Do we not
remark this in moon likewise ? J. M.) D. J. M. and J. took airing in
carriage. J. looking out of window, and barking violently at dustman,
occasioned smile to overspread features of D. (Of such slight links is
chain of life composed ! J. M.)
   " MJednesday. D. comparatively cheerful. Sang to her, as congenial
melody, Evening Bells. Effect not soothing, but reverse. D. inexpres-
sibly affected. Found sobbing afterwards, in own room. Quoted verses
respecting self and young Gazelle. Ineffectually. Also referred to
Patience on Monument. (Qy. Why on monument ? J. M.)
   "Thursday. D. certainly improved. Better night. Slight tinge of
damask revisiting cheek. Resolved to mention name of D. C. Introduced
same, cautiously, in course of airing. D. immediately overcome. 'Oh,
dear, dear Julia! Oh, I have been a naughty and undutiful child! '
Soothed and caressed. Drew ideal picture of D. C. on verge of tomb.
D. again overcome. ' Oh, what shall I do, what shall I do ? Oh, take
me somewhere ! ' Much alarmed. Painting of D. and glass of water
from public-house. (Poetical affinity. Chequered sign on door-post ;
chequered human life. Alas ! J. M.)
    " Friday.   Day of incident. Man appears in kitchen, with blue bag,
' for lady's boots left out to heel.' Cook replies, ' No such orders.' Man
argues point. Cook withdraws to inquire, leaving man alone with J. On
Cook's return, man still argues point, but ultimately goes. J. missing.
I&gt;. distracted. Information sent to police. Man to be identified by
broad nose, and legs like balustrades of bridge. Search made in every
direction. No J. D. weeping bitterly, and inconsolable. Renewed
reference to young Gazelle. Appropriate, but unavailing. Towards
evening, strange boy calls. Brought into parlour. Broad nose, but no
balustrades. Says he wants a pound, and knows a dog. Declines to
explain further, though much pressed. Pound being produced by D.
takes Cook to little house, where J. alone tied up to leg of table. Joy of
D. who dances round J, while he eats his supper. Emboldened by this
happy change, mention D. C. upstairs. D. weeps afresh, cries piteously.
 'Oh, don't, don't, don't. I t is so wicked to think of anything but poor
papa !'-embraces J. and sobs herself to sleep. (Must not D. C. confide
himself to the broad pinions of Time? J. M.)"
    Miss Mills and her journal were my sole consolation at this period. To
see her, who had seen Dora but a little while before-to trace the initial
letter of Dora's name through her sympathetic pages-to be made more and
more miserable by her-were my only comforts. I felt as if I had been living
in a palace of cards, which had tumbled down, leaving only Miss Mills
and me among the ruins ; as if some grim enchanter had drawn a magic
circle round the innocent goddess of my heart, which nothing indeed but
those same strong pinions, capable of carrying so many people over so
much, would enable me to enter !
