8
                                        -ADVERTISEMENTS.
N O MORE PILLS NOR ANY OTHER MEDICINE.-DYSPEPSIA                                                  (INDIGESTION)
    HABITUAL CONSTIPATION, DIARRHEA, NERVOUS, BILIOUS, LlVER COMPLAINTS and
GENERAL DEBILITY, effectually removed, without Pills or any other Medicine, by
                   DU BARRY'S REVALENTA ARABICA FOOD.
  Analysis by the celebrated Professor of Chemistry and Analytical Chemist, Andrew Ure, M.D.. F.R.S., &c. :-
                                                              " London, 24, Bloomsbnry-square, J u n e 8, 1849.
  " I hereby certify that baving examined 'Du Barry's Revalenta Arabica; I find it to be a pure vegetable
Farina, perfectly wholesome, easily digestible, likely t o promote a healthy action of the stomach and bowels,
and thereby to counteract dyspepsia, constipation, and their nervous consequences.
                                                    " ANDREW URE, M.D., F.R.S., &c., Analytical Chemist."
  This ight delicious farinaceous Breakfast Food, without medicine of any kind, without inconvenience,
and without expense, as it saves other more costly food, speedily and permanently removes Dyspepsia (Indi-
gestion), Constipation, and Diarrhcea, the main causes of Nervousness, Biliousness, Liver Complaint,
Flatulency, Distension, Palpitation of the Heart, Nervous Headache, Deafness ,Noises in the Head and Ears,
Pains in almost every part of the Body, Iofiammation and Cancer in the Stomach. Asthma, Eruptions on the
Skin, Scrofula, Consumption, Dropsy, Rheumatism, Gout, Heartburn, Nausea and Vomiting during Pregnancy,
after Eating, or a t Sea, Low Spirits, Spasms, Spleen, General Debility, Cough, Inquietude, Sleeplessness,
Involuntary Blushing, Tremors, Dislike t o Society, Unfitness for Study, Loss of Memory, Delusions, Vertigo,
Blood to the Head, Exhaustion, Melancholy, Groundless Fear, Indecision, Wretchedness, Thoughts of Self-
Destruction, and Insanity. The best food for infants and invalids generally, as, unlike arrowroot and other
artificial substances, it never turns acid on the weakest stomach, but imparts a healthy relish for lunch and
dinner, and restores the faculty of digestion, and nervous and muscular energy, t o the most enfeebled.
                                                     CASES.
   From the Right Hon. the Lord Stuart De Decies. " Dromana, Capoquin, County Waterford, Feb. 15, 1849.
   " Gentlemen, I have derived much benefit from t h e use of the 'Revalenta Food.' I t is only due to yourselves
and to the public t o state, that you are a t liberty t o make any use of this communication whicb you may
think proper. I remain, gentlemen, your obedient servant,                                     I' STUART DE DECIES."

                                                              "4, Park Walk, Little Chelsea, London, Oct. 2, 1848.
   'I Twenty-seven years' dyspepsia, from which I had suffered great pain and inconvenience, and for which I
had consulted the advice of many, has been effectually removed by your excellent ' Revalenta Arabica Food '
in six weeks'time, &c.                                              " PARKER D. BINGHAM, Captain, Royal Navy."
   William Hunt, Esq., Barrister-at-law, King's College, Cambridge, has thanked us for the general benefit he
has derived from our " Revalenta Arabica Food." At the age of eighty-three h e obtained effectual relief from
functional disorders of long standing, and overcame a recent attack of erysipelas, byconfining his diet entirely
t o this excellent Food,-to the exclusion of all other remedies. We extract the following lines from one of his
last letters :-
   " I now consider myself a stranger to all complaints, excepting a hearty old age.                I am a s well as ever I
was, and quite free from the vexations and troublesome annoyance of a n eruption of the skin, from which I had
suffered for years, and which my medical attendant had declared Incurable a t my time of life."
                                                                         '' 12, Patrick-street, C o ~ k4th
                                                                                                       . April, 1849.
    " Respected Friends,-I     have given your 'Arabica Food ' to a girl of Afteen, who durlng the lastseven years
 had not been a day without vomiting fifteen or sixteen times, and sometimes oftener. The fourth day after
 she commenced your Food, vomiting ceased altogether, and she has not thrown up since; her health is
 improving wonderfully.                                                                          " WILLIAM MARTIN."
                                                                           " Bromley, Middlesex, March 31st. 1849.
    " Gentlemen,-The      lady for whom I ordered your Food is six months advanced in pregnancy, and was
 suffering severely from indigestion, constipation, throwing up her meals shortly after eating them, having a
 great deal of heartburn and being constantly obliged to resort t o physic or the enema, and sometimes hoth.
 I am happy to inform ydu that your Food produced immediate relief. She has never been sick since, had but
 little heartburn, and the functions are more regular," &c. &c.                                " THOS. WOODHOUSE."
                                                                             " Bromley, Middlesex, 11th June, 1849.
    " Dear Sirs,-I am very happy t o have t o inform you, that on Tuesday last the lady mentioned in my previous
 letter was safely delivered of a son; and you will nodonht be glad tolearu, that they are hoth doing exceedingly
 well. She has had a much better 'time' than formerly, and the child is very strong and healthy. Not satisfied
 with any thanks that I can give you, she begs I will express to you her gratitude for this favourable change
 which she entirely attributes to the *Revalenta,'and t o following strictly the advice which you have been sover;
 kind as to give her from time to time.-I am, gentlemen, very truly yours,                 " THOMAS WOODHOUSE."
                                                                 "3, Sidney Terrace. Reading, Berks., Dec. 3, 1847.
    "Gentlemen,-I      am happy t o be able t o inform you t h a t t h e person for whom the former quantity was
 procured has derived very great benefit from its use; distressing symptoms of long standing haye been
removed, and a feeling of restored health induced. "JAMES SHORLAND, late Surgeon, 96th Reg~ment."
                                                           21,Broad Street, Golden Square, London, Nov. 20, 1847.
    (Details of nineteen years' dyspepsia, nervousness, sickness a t the stomach, with spasms and vomiting,
and liver complaint, and three weeks' Revalenta treatment.)-" I humbly and sincerely thank God, and
yourselves, as His instruments, &c.                                                        "ISABELLA GRELLIERE."
                                                                                  " Atbol.street. Perth. May 2, 1848.
    "Some time has now elapsed since the lady (who had been a n invalid for thirteen years from want of
digestion, accompanled with cough and general prostration of strength) for whom I procured your 'Arabica '
 Food, has been using i t daily a s directed, and I am happy to say that lt has produced a most salutary change
 in her system, &c.                                                                                 "JAMES PORTER.
                                                                        Haddington, East Lothian, March, 3, 1849.
    " Dear Sir,-Your excellent 'Arabica Food' has completely restored my stomach, nerves, and liver, which
 had been disordered for nearly twenty years past, and my health Is now everything I could wish, and has been
 so these three months past, &c.                                                                 " ANDREW FRASER."
                                                           " 2, Princess-street, Manchester, 3rd Month, lgth, 1849.
    " Respected Friend, -......... I think no one who had received or seen so much good and comfort result
 from it as in my mother's case, would be without it in sickness. Thou art at liberty to use this letter as thou
 thiukest best, and I will cheerfully answer any inquiries.
                 " I am th    friend                                 " EDWARD CORBETT, Sanitary Engineer," &c.
    I n canisters of 416. a l 11s.; i ~ l b a, t 22s.; super-refined quality, 81b., 33s.; and41b. 2% ; suitably packed
 for all climates. 81b. and 101b. canisters forwarded by DU BARRY and Co., on receipt of Post-office or bankers'
 orders (carriage free) t o any town or railroad station connected by rail with London, or t o any port in
 Scotland or Ireland connected with London by steam or sailing vessels. Shipments abroad attended to.
 Their amount may be sent in a bill or banker's order on London, or placed to the credit of Messrs. DU BARRY
 and Co.'s account a t Messrs. COUTTS         and Co., Bankers, London.
    A popular Treatise on " Indigestion and Constipation," entitled "The Natural Regenerator of the Digestive
 Organs without Medicine," by Du BARRYand Co., forwarded by them, post free, on receipt of letter stamps
 for 8d.; also a t WHITTAKER     and CO. ; SIMPKIN,      MARSRALL    and Co. ; and all Booksellers.
    Agents and the Trade will please apply t o Messrs. DU BARRY and Co., 127, New Bond-street, London.
