                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           243
did not feel indisposed towards my aunt's suggestion; which she left to
my free decision, making no scruple of telling me that it had occurred
to her, on her lately visiting her own proctor in Doctors' Commons
for the purpose of settling her will in my favor.
   " That's a laudable proceeding on the part of our aunt, at all events,"
said Steerforth, when I mentioned it ; " and one deserving of all encourage-
ment, Daisy, my advice is that you take kindly to Doctors' Commons."
   I quite made up my mind to do so. I then told Steerforth that my
aunt was in town awaiting me (as I found from her letter), and that she
had taken lodgings for a week at a kind of private hotel in Lincoln's
Inn Fields, where there was a stone staircase, and a convenient door in the
roof; my aunt being firmly persuaded that every house in London was
going to be burnt down every night.
   We achieved the rest of our journey pleasantly, sometimes recurring to
Doctors' Commons, and anticipating the distant days when I should be a
proctor there, which Steerforth pictured in a variety of humorous and
whimsical lights, that made us both merry. When we came to our journey's
end, he went home, engaging to call upon me next day but one; and I
drove to Lincoln's Inn Fields, where I found my aunt up, and waiting
supper.
   If I had been round the world since we parted, we could hardly have
been better pleased to meet again. My aunt cried outright as she em-
braced me ; and said, pretending to laugh, that if my poor mother had been
alive, that silly little creature would have shed tears, she had no doubt.
    " So you have left Mr. Dick behind, aunt ? " said I.      " I am sorry for

that. Ah, Janet, how do you do ?"
   As Janet curtsied, hoping I was well, I observed my aunt's visage
lengthen very much.
    " I am sorry for it, too," said my aunt, rubbing her nose. "I have
had no peace of mind, Trot, since I have been here."
   Before I could ask why, she told me.
   " I am convinced," said my aunt ; laying her hand with melancholy

firmness on the table, " that Dick's character is not a character to keep
the donkies off. I am confident he wants strength of purpose. I ought
to have left Janet at home, instead, and then my mind might perhaps
have been at ease. If ever there was a donkey trespassing on my green,"
said my aunt, with emphasis, "there was one this afternoon at four o'clock.
A cold feeling came over me from head to foot, and I know it was a
donkey !"
   I tried to comfort her on this point, but she rejected consolation.
    " I t was a donkey," said my aunt; "and it was the one with the
stumpy tail which that Murdering sister of a woman rode, when she came
to my house.'' This had been, ever since, the only name my aunt knew
for Miss Murdstone. "If there is any donkey in Dover, whose audacity
it is harder to me to bear than another's, that," said my aunt, striking the
table, "is the animal ! "
   Janet ventured to suggest that my aunt might be disturbing herself
unnecessarily, and that she believed the donkey in question was then
engaged in the sand and gravel line of business, and was not available for
purposes of trespass. But my aunt wouldn't hear of it.
                                                                P2
