                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                                   7
                                                                                                                              -
                   On the 3rd Jamuary, 1850, will bepu6l&hed, to be eomhued Weekly,

                                                     No. I.    OF



  THE D O M E S T I C E C O N O M I S T ;
                                                       AND

          ADVISER IN EVERY BRANCH OF THE FAMILY ESTABLISHMENT.
                     CONDUCTED BY GEORGE W. JOHNSON,                                          ESQ.

                                 EDITOR OF    "THE    COTTAGE       GARDENER,"   BTC.


 HOUSEHOLD MkNAGEYEMT, by the Authoress of                     b y Mr. W. C. Spooner, M.R.V.C.,          Author of "The
   My Flowers, and Our Village Walks," in                      Foot of the Horse."
  THE COTTAGEGARDENER.
 S A N ~ T A R YARRANGEMENT OF OUR                            DAIRYING FOR A HOUSEHOLD, by a Lincolnshire
   INGS, by Cuthbert W. JOHNSON, Esq., F.R.S.                  Dairy Farmer.
 FAMILY COOKERY, by a well-known Authoress.
                                                                                        S ~ v " , " , e , ~ ~ h " , ; ~,$$'~: " , ~
                                                              T ~ ~ I ~ , " ~ , N ~ ~ ~ ~ . F
                                                               Fancy Needlework instructors" &-'
 ECONOMICS OF TRAVELLING AND EMIGRA-
  TION, by S. Sidney, Esq.9 Editor of "The Emi-
  grant's Journal."                                           MANAGEMENT OF DOMESTIC ANIMALS,!y            Mr.
                                                               Spooner ;a Lincolnshire Farmer ;and Mr. S~dney.
 DOMESTIC MEDICINE, by a Fellow of the Royal
  College of Physicians, Edinburgh.                        SCIENCE APPLIED TO EVERY DAY LIFE, by
                                                             C. F. GOWER, Esq,, Author of "The Scientific
HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE AND DECORATION,                         Phenomena of Domestic Life."
 by an Artist.
                                                           OUR SPORTS AND PASTIMES, by a Fellow of
THE ECONOMY OFTHE STABLE AND THE YARD,                      New College.

  The above departments will comprise all subjects connected with Family Economy, Education, Travelling
                  and Health; including Recipes relative to every household requirement.


    WITHOUTentangling ourselves in political enquiries, as to the cause of the difficulties i n which all classes
 are occasionally involved,-without grappling with questions of free trade and unequal taxation,-without
 pauslng to enquire whether, or to what extent. our countrymen ought to seek aid from the Legislature,-
 it is our purpose t o attend them along another path: that path which they hitherto have successfully trod,
 and which every Briton delights t o pursue-the path of independence-with n o other support, under the blessing
 of God, than their own clear head, and their own strong arm.
      We are neither wise enough nor weak enough t o attempt to teach them how t o use those heads and a n n s
in their respective avocations-here we should have to be pupils, not teachers ; hut we do intend to place
before ourreaders such knowledge as, but for our pages, might remain unknown for years except t o the dis-
 coverers and their immediate neighbours.
       If we do not teach how to earn, we shall do that which is equally important-we shall show how t o save.
 Not a class in all British Society but will find in our pages suggestions available either for the management of
their establishments both within doors and without, the preparation for their food, or the cure of the bodily
 disarrangements both of themselves and of their domestic animals.
      To aid us in our purpose, those who do not flnd in our pages the information they require in the several
economic departments wherein we profess t o be instructors, have only t o furnish u s with their queries, and w e
promise to them speedy and well advised replies.
      Thus we hope t o he useful in the field, the yard, and the stall-but our utility will not berestridedtothese;
we hope to have held out to us many kind and gentle hands t o welcome us for what we may have t o suggest
lor the kitchen, the dairy, the wardrobe, and the parlour. We hope to bring knowledge that may heacceptable
to the daughters and wives of England-those, without whoseaidman may labour, but not thrive-may have a
house, and not a home; for where such helpmates are not, the quiet untiring pleasureaof one'sown fire-side-
the real meaning of " British comfort "-are never known. W e hope to be the means of remindtng those
helpmates of what may be done for the best beneath their roof-tree, both in health and in sickness-both for
ornament and for use-and though,,generally, they may be too well skilled in housewifery for u s t o impartto
them great, as well a s good suggestions, yet we shall not be uurewarded if we are useful in many trifles-for
he has not had much experience of life who has not learned that small savings, small comforts, and small plea-
sures, make up the fulness and the overflowing of a successful and happy existence.
      That we may achieve what we purpose we have obtained the aid of those whose names appear arranged
beneath our title-and we see in them, and in our good cause, a n earnest of success. Our coadjutors are a n
assemblage of those who are not only sound in head, but sound a t heart-those who, i n their several depart-
ments, have carried out in the broad daylight what they have studied by the aid of the lamp; and, above all,
we may add that they are those who have long been known a s having neverdipped theirpens i n gall, and who,
though well loving the jewels of life, are not altogether "of the earth-earthy."

    THE DOMESTICECONOMIST          will contain sixteen pages of t h e same size as THE COTTAGEGARDENER.
and will he published every Thursday, price Zd., or 3d. stamped for free transmission by Post. It will also be
issued in Monthly Parts, All communications t o be directed t o "THE EnlToR OF 'THE DOMESTIC
ECONOMIST,'   a t the Publishers', WILLIAM8. ORR & GO.'$, 2, AMEN CORNER,LONDON:'
             LONDON: WILLIAM 13. ORR & CO., AMEN CORNER, PATERNOSTER ROW.
