256            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    I tried, on her injunction, to fix it, and to hear something of what
was going on there, but quite in vain. I looked at her again by-and-by,
 and saw her shrink into her corner, and put her gloved hand to her
forehead.
    " Agnes ! " I said.  " I'mafraidyou'renorwell.~'

    '&lt; Yes, yes. Do not mind me, Trotwood," she returned. " Listen !
Are you going away soon ? "
    " Amigoarawaysoo ? " I repeated.
    'I Yes."

   I had a stupid intention of replying that I was going to wait, to hand
her down-stairs. I suppose I expressed it, somehow; for after she had
looked at me attentively for a little while, she appeared to understand,
and replied in a low tone :
    " I know you will do as I ask you, if I tell you I am very earnest in it.

 Go away now, Trotwood, for my sake, and ask your friends to take you
home."
    She had so far improved me, for the time, that though I was angry
with her, I felt ashamed, and with a short " Goori ! " (which I intended
for " Good night ! ") got up and went away. They followed, and I stepped
at once out of the box-door into my bedroom, where only Steerforth was
with me, helping me to undress, and where I was by turns telling him
that Agnes was my sister, and adjuring him to bring the corkscrew, that I
might open another bottle of wine.
    How somebody, lying in my bed, lay saying and doing all this over
again, at cross purposes, in a feverish dream all night-the          bed a
rocking sea that was never still ! How, as that somebody slowly settled
 down into myself, did I begin to parch, and feel as if my outer covering
 of skin were a hard board; my tongue the bottom of an empty kettle,
furred with long service, and burning up over a slow fire ; the palms of
my hands, hot plates of metal which no ice could cool !
   But the agony of mind, the remorse, and shame I felt, when I be-
came conscious next day ! My horror of having committed a thousand
offences I had forgotten, and which nothing could ever expiate-my recol-
lection of that indelible look which Agnes had given me-the torturing
impossibility of communicating with her, not knowing, Beast that I was,
how she came to be in London, or where she stayed-my disgust of the
very sight of the room where the revel had been held-my racking head-
the smell of smoke, the sight of glasses, the impossibility of going out, or
even getting up ! Oh, what a day it was !
   Oh, what an evening, when I sat down by my fire to a basin of mutton
broth, dimpled all over with fat, and thought I was going the way of
my predecessor, and should succeed to his dismal story as well as to
his chambers, and had half a mind to rush express to Dover and reveal
all ! What an evening, when Mrs. Crupp, coming in to take away the
broth-basin, produced one kidney on a cheese-plate as the entire remains
of yesterday's feast, and I was really inclined to fall upon her nankeen
breast, and say, in heartfelt penitence, " Oh, Mrs. Crupp, Mrs. Crupp,
never mind the broken meats ! I am very miserable ! "--only          that I
doubted, even at that pass, if Mrs. Crupp were quite the sort of woman to
confide in !
