406           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Oh, Master Copperfield ! " he said. " If you had only had the con-
descension to return my confidence when I poured out the fulness of my
art, the night I put you so much out of the way by sleeping before your
sitting-room fire, I never should have doubted you. As it is, I' m sure
I'll take off mother directly, and only too appy. I know you '11 excuse
the precautions of affection, won't you? What a pity, Master Copper-
field, that you didn't condescend to return my confidence ! I ' m sure
I gave you every opportunity. But you never have condescended to
me, as much as I could have wished. I know you have never liked me, as
I have liked you ! "
    All this time he was squeezing my hand with his damp fishey fingers,
while I made every effort I decently could to get it away. But I was
quite unsuccessful. He drew it under the sleeve of his mulberry-
colored great coat, and I walked on, almost upon compulsion, arm in
arm with him.
    " Shall we turn? " said Uriah, by-and-by wheeling me face about

towards the town, on which the early moon was now shining, silvering
the distant windows.
    " Before we leave the subject, you ought to understand," said I,
breaking a pretty long silence, " that I believe Agnes Wickfield to be as
far above you, and as far removed from all your aspirations, as that moon
herself! "
    " Peaceful !    Ain't she ! " said Uriah. " Very ! Now confess, Master
 Copperfield,that you havn't liked me quite as I have liked you. All along
you've thought me too umble now, I shouldn't wonder ? "
    " I am not fond of professions of humility," I returned, " or professions
 of anything else."
    " There now ! " said Uriah, looking flabby and lead-coloured in the

moonlight. " Didn't I know it! But how little you think of the
rightful umbleness of a person in my station, Master Copperfield ! Father
and me was both brought up at a foundation school for boys ; and mother,
she was likewise brought up at a public, sort of charitable, establishment.
They taught us all a deal of umbleness-not much else that I know of,
from morning to night. We was to be umble to this person, and umble
to that; and to pull off our caps here, and to make bows there; and
alwavs to know our dace. and abase ourselves before our betters. And
we &lt;ad such a lot of betiers ! Father got the monitor-medal by being
umble. So did I. Father got made a sexton by being umble. He had
the character, among the gentlefolks, of being such a well-behaved man,
that they were determined to bring him in. ' Be umble, Uriah,' says
father to me, ' and you '11 get on. I t was what was always being dinned
into you and me at school; it's what goes down best. Be umble,' says
father, ' and you '11 do ! ' And really it ain't done bad ! "
    I t was the first time it had ever occurred to me, that this detestable
cant of false humility might have originated out of the Heep family.
 I had seen the harvest, but had never thought of the seed.
    " When I was quite a young boy," said Uriah, " I got to know what
 umbleness did, and I took to it. I ate umble pie with an appetite.
 I stopped at the umble point of my learning, and says I, 'Hold hard ! '
 When you offered to teach me latin, I knew better. 'People like to
