                            A L M A N A C X S POR 1850.
                      THIRTY-FIFTH                THOUSAND.
T H E FINANCIAL                  REFORM ALMANACK,                      "   bristling with
      Statistics," price 3d., forming one of the most important and complete Works on
the Financial condition of the country ever exhibited.
  This ALMANACK, besides the Calendar and all other topics pertaining to Almanacks,
contains, among a variety of Original Articles, the following ?-History of Taxation-
Present Amount and Sources of Taxation-The         Civil List-The Army-The Navy-
Naval and Military Colonial Expenditure-The Woods and Forests-The Civil Service
-The Executive-Colonial Government and Expenditure-Indirect              Taxation-The
Budget of Richard Cobden for 1849-The Armed Peace Polic -The European Debt-
National Debt-The Pension List-In and Out of oflice-$he            Poor-laws-Local or
Delegate Taxation-Taxation and Representation -The Expense of War-Miscellaneous
Abuses-Law and Justice-Education,         Science, and Art-Ambassadors',    Royal, and
other Palaces-Colonial,    Consular, and other Foreign Purposes-Consuls-Regium
Donum-Queen's Plates-Charities to Ireland-British India and the Cotton Trade-
with a variety of Facts, Scraps, and Statistics.
                  CHARLES GILPIN, 5, Bishopsgate-street-without.

                                     Price Fourpence,

T   H E EMIGRANT'S ALMANACK for 1850.                              The circulation of
       this Almanack for the year 1849 was upwards of 16,000, and had a larger
number been printed off a much more extensive sale would have resulted, as the demand
made for extended supplies by various booksellers could not be answered. The sale for
1850 will be fully 20,000, and as "the press" has admitted that the EMIGRANT'S
ALMANACK contains a greater mass of useful information on the important subject of
Emigration than any other publication, and as every possible care has been taken to
ensure its entire accuracy, its popularity will exceed that of its predecessor. I t con-
tains advice relative so the United States of America ; describes the routes to the various
fields of emigration; determines the distances to each place; the modes of conveyance;
the length of time occupied in thevarious journeys; expense of transit ; cost of land in
different parts of the world; expense of clearing the soil, and all the official information
from the Commission of Emigration. I n every page i t abounds with practical hints for
the Emigrant of every degree, and altogether forms one of the most interesting and
valuable books of reference ever published on the subject of Emigration.

                  I n demy 870, containing thirty-two pages, price 2d.,

T   HE      GREAT         MILITARY AND NAVAL                           PARLIAMENT;
       being an Analysis of both our Houses of Parliament; showing, from a careful
examination of the Red Books of the Aristocracy themselves, the true secret of the con-
stant increase in our Military and Naval expenditure, in a STANDING MAJORITY in
both Houses of nearly 300 members directly connected with the war system.

                       I n demy 870, containing 40 pages, price 3d.,
f i U R GREAT STATE-CHURCH PARLIAMENT : an Analysis of
V both Houses of Parliament ; showing that there are in the t w d ~ o u s e 706
                                                                            s    direct
holders and dealers in Churches and Churchinfluence, with a STANDING MAJORITY
of 154 devoted to the maintenance of the present Ecclesiastical system. I n a former
publication, entitled the "Great Military and Naval Parliament," it is shown that the
Government, both of the Cabinet and the Senate, consists of a majority of soldiers. In
the present work another view is taken of them, and they are now presented again as
proprietors of the State Church.
      PEOPLE'S EDITION OF M. GUIZOT'S NEW WORK ON THE ENGLISH
                                    REVOLUTION.
                             Now ready, price only Fourpence,
A N UNABRIDGED TRANSLATION. By A. R. SCOBLE, Esq.,
       of M. GUIZOTS celebrated Work, entitled THE CAUSES OF THE SUCCESS OF
THE ENGLISH REVOLUTION OF 1640-88, neatly printed on good paper. To which is
added, a Biographical Sketch of the Author. This Publication contains more matter than the
Volume published at Six Shillings.
            London: JOHN CASSELL, 335, Strand. Order of all Booksellers.
