8                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.

          J u s t Published, Second Edition, Enlarged, with Portrait of the Author; Cloth, Price 5s.


         R U I N S OF M A N Y L A N D S .
                          A PILGRIMAGE.              BY NICHOLAS MICHELL.
CONTENTS    :-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Egypt-          Ruined Cities of America-Rock-Temples of India-Athens-
      Coriuth-Rome-Pompeii-        South of France-E~hesus-Baaibec-Palmyra-Persepolis-Jerusalem,               &c.
   "Most heartiiv do we reioice t o see a second and a n enlarged edition of Mr. Michell's remarkable work."-
New Monthly ~ L ~ a n i n e- ."
   .'In describing the wonders of past ages, h e brings to his task great historical knowledge, refined taste, and
a thorough appreciation of t h e sublime and beautiful i n n a t u r e and art."-Sunday Times.
  "Ruins ofMany Lands comprehends within its wide range all antiquity, and calls upon the stage t h e heroes
of the world. The amount of classical and historical lore, both i n the poetry and notes, i s immense."-Briohton
Herald.
  "One of the most interesting and exquisite volumes of modern days."-Era.
                    LONDON : WILLIAM TEGQ, and Co., Cheapside; a n d all Booksellers.


  ELEGANT GIFT-BOOK FOR THE SEASON.                        I T O secure Household Linen and
J u s t ready, i n a handsome super-royal Svo. volume,          1     Wearing Apparel against Loss or Mistake, use
                    nrice 16s. cloth pilt.
                                                                    BOND'S PERMANENT MARKING INK.
T H E NILE BOAT ;-or, Glimpses of                              T h e Original, and by far t h e best, requiring n o
      the Land of Egypt. Illustrated by Thirty-Five            preparation.
Steel Engravings and Maps; also numerous Wood-                    Prepared by the Inventor, JOHN BOND, 28, Long
cuts. By W. H. BARTLETT,Author of "Forty Days                  Lane, West Smithfield. City, and sold by most Che-
in the Desert," "Walks about Jerusalem," &c.                   mists, Stationers, and Medicine Vendors.
 London: ARTHURHALL,VIRTUE& CO., 25, Pater-
                   noster Row.                             I                 Price One Shilling a bottle.


        UGHES'S ANTACID TOOTH                                  K N O W T H Y SELF!-Professor
                                                                          BLENKINSOP'S   method of describing the .HA-
                                                               R A C T E R of persons from their H n ~ n - W R l T m cnever
decay, and preventing the accumulation of tartar.              fails, being founded on Philosophical principles. A
  Every care has been taken in t h e preparation of            specimen of the ordinary Writing, stating Age, Sex,
this powder to avoid anything which shall act a t all          and Profession, enclosing 13 uncut Postage Stamps,
injuriously upon the enamel.                                   will ensure an unerring description of t h e m e n t a l a n d
   Sold in boxes a t Is., and for the convenience of           moral qualities of the writer, pointing out gifts and
families in packets a t 2s.. 3s. 6 d , and 6s. 6d. each.       defects hitherto unsuspected, with their probable in-
   HUGHES'S PRESERVATIVE TINCTURE O F                          fluence on the future life.
PELLITORY and MYRRH, for strengthening t h e                     Address, Dn. BLENKINSOP,10, Lancaster Place,
Gums and preventing their receding from the Teeth.             Waterloo Bridge, London.
In bottles,at Is 6d., 2s. 6d.. and 4s. 6d.each. Prepared
and Sold only by T. HUGHES, CHEMIST. 27,
BISHOPSGATE WITHIN, Four doors from Croshy                                             KEATl NG'S
Hall.
                                                                       COUGH LOZENGES.
DUNN'S DELECTABLE COUGH H AVE
        LOZENGES, composed of the most soothing
Pectorals and demulcents. They contain no opium
                                                                            i m m e d i a t e influence o v e r t h e follow-
                                                                        ingcases :-Asthmatic and Consumptive Com-
                                                               plaints, Coughs, Shortness of Breath, Hoarseness,
whatever, and may at all times be taken with safety.           &c.. &c.
The benefit derived from the use of these Lozenges,               p;epared and sold in Boxes, Is. Ihd., andTins,Zs.gd.,
combined with their exquisite flavour, has obtained            4s. 6d., and 10s. 6d., each by THOMAS KEATING
for them a reputation t h a t increases every winter.          Chemist, &c., No 79, St. Paul's Church Yard.               ond don:
Sold in boxes a t Is 2s. 6d 4s. 6d. 11s. and2ls.each.          And Retail by all Chemists. &c.
Prepared by T. W."STONE, (succ:ssor)to Mr. Dunn,)
235, Oxford-street, London. A small box forwarded                N.B. To prevent spurious imitations, please to ob-
to any part of the United Kingdom on the receipt of 18         serve that the words " KEATING'S COUGH LO-
Penny postage stamps. Packed in tin cases for warm             ZENGES '' are engraven on the Government Stamp of
climates.                                                      each Box.


                                                       Warren's Sketches of Character.
                                                                                --
                                                                        MR. WARREN,
                                                                Of 9, GREAT COLLEGE STREET,
                                                                               WESTMINSTER,
                                                      Continues w i t h i m m e n s e s u c c e s s         to delineate the
                                                      CHARACTER of                  Individuals from          their HAND-
                                                      WRITING.
                                                          S p e c i m e n s of W r i t i n g , w i t h the fee of T h i r t e e n
                                                      P o s t a g e - s t a m p s , and a m e n t i o n o f the a p p l i c a n t ' s
                                                      sex to     be a d d r e s s e d as above.
