244           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    Supper was comfortably served and hot, though my aunt's rooms were
very high up-whether that she might have more stone stairs for her money,
or might be nearer to the door in the roof, I don't know-and consisted
of a roast fowl, a steak, and some vegetables, to all of which I did ample
justice, and which were all excellent. But my aunt had her own ideas
concerning London provision, and ate but little.
    "I suppose this unfortunate fowl was born and brought up in a cellar,"
said my aunt, "and never took the air except on a hackney coach-stand.
I hope the steak may be beef, but I don't believe it. Nothing's genuine
in the place, in my opinion, but the dirt."
    "Don't you think the fowl may have come out of the country, aunt ? "
 I hinted.
    " Certainly not," returned my aunt.     " I t would be no pleasure to a
 London tradesman to sell anything which was what he pretended it
was."
   I did not venture to controvert this opinion, but I made a good supper,
which it greatly satisfied her to see me do. When the table was cleared,
Janet assisted her to arrange her hair, to put on her nightcap, which was
of a smarter construction than usual ("in case of fire," my aunt said), and
to fold her gown back over her knees, these being her usual preparations
for warming herself before going to bed. I then made her, according to
certain established regulations from which no deviation, however slight,
could ever be permitted, a glass of hot white wine and water, and a slice
of toast cut into long thin strips. With these accompaniments we were
left alone to finish the evening, my aunt sitting opposite to me drinking
her wine and water; soaking her strips of toast in it, one by one, before
eating them; and looking benignantly on me, from among the borders of
her nightcap.
    " Well, Trot," she began, " what do you think of the proctor plan ?
Or have you not begun to think about it yet ? "
    " I have thought a good deal about it, my dear aunt, and I have talked
a good deal about it with Steerforth. I like it very much indeed. I like
it exceedingly."
    " Come ! " said my aunt.    " That 's cheering !"

    "I have only one difficulty, aunt."
    "Say what it is, Trot," she returned.
    "Why, I want to ask, aunt, as this seems, from what I understand, to
be a limited profession, whether my entrance into it would not be very
expensive ? "
    " I t will cost," returned my aunt, "to article you, just a thousand
pounds."
    " Now, my dear aunt," said I, drawing my chair nearer, "I am uneasy
in my mind about that. It's a large sum of money. You have expended
a great deal on my education, and have always been as liberal to me in all
things, as it was possible to be. You have been the soul of generosity.
 Surely there are some ways in which I might begin life with hardly any
outlay, and yet begin with a good hope of getting on by resolution and
exertion. Are you sure that it would not be better to try that course?
Are you certain that you can afford to part with so much money, and
that it is right it should be so expended? I only ask you, my second
mother, to consider. Are you certain?"
