110            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   H e gave her a look, half in remonstrance, half in approval, and went on :
    "I suppose you know, David, that I am not rich. At any rate, you
know it now. You have received some considerable education already.
Education is costly ; and even if it were not, and I could afford it, I am of
opinion that it would not be at all advantageous t o you to be kept at a
school. What is before you, is a fight with the world; and the sooner
you begin it, the better."
   I think it occurred to me that I had already begun it, in my poor way :
but it occurs to me now, whether or no.
    " You have heard ' the counting-house' mentioned sometimes," said
Mr. Murdstone.
    " The counting-house, sir ? " I repeated.
    "Of Murdstone and Grinby, in the wine trade," he replied.
   I suppose I looked uncertain, for he went on hastily :
    " You have heard the ' counting-house ' mentioned, or the business, or
the cellars, or the wharf, or something about it."
    "I think I have heard the business mentioned, sir," I said, remembering
what I vaguely knew of his and his sister's resources. "But I don't
know when."
   "It does not matter when," he returned. "Mr. Quinion manages that
business."
    I glanced at the latter deferentially as he stood looking out of window.
    "Mr. Quinion suggests that it gives employment to some other
boys, and that he sees no reason why it shouldn't, on the same terms,
give employment to you."
    " H e having," Mr. Quinion observed in a low voice, and half turning
round, " no other prospect, Murdstone."
   Mr. Murdstone, with an impatient, even an angry gesture, resumed,
without noticing what he had said :
    "Those terms are, that you will earn enough for yourself to provide
for your eating and drinking, and pocket-money. Your lodging (which I
have arranged for) will be paid by me. So will your washing-"
    "--Which     will be kept down to my estimate," said his sister.
    "Your clothes will be looked after for you, too," said Mr. Murdstone ;
"as you will not be able, yet awhile, to get them for yourself. So you
are now going to London, David, with Mr. Quinion, to begin the world
on your own account."
    " In short, you are provided for," observed his sister ; "and will please
to do your duty."
   Though I quite understood that the purpose of this announcement was
to get rid of me, I have no distinct remembrance whether it pleased or
frightened me. My impression is, that I was in a state of confusion about
it, and, oscillating between the two points, touched neither. Nor had I
much time for the clearing of my thoughts, as Mr. Quinion was to go upon
the morrow.
   Behold me, on the morrow, in a much-worn little white hat, with a
black crape round it for my mother, a black jacket, and a pair of hard stiff
corduroy trousers-which Miss Murdstone considered the best armour for
the legs in that fight with the world which was now to come off: behold
 me so attired, and with my little worldly all before me in a small trunk,
 sitting, a lone lorn child (as Mrs. h m m i d g e might have said), in the post-
