398            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

the offices in which their respective employers were interested; which
instructions were so well observed, that I myself, before I was known by
sight, was twice hustled into the premises of our principal opponent.
The conflicting interests of these touting gentlemen being of a nature to
irritate their feelings, personal collisions took place ; and the Commons
was even scandalised by our principal inveigler (who had formerly been in
the wine trade, and afterwards in the sworn brokery line) walking about for
some days with a black eye. Any one of these scouts used to think
nothing of politely assisting an old lady in black out of a vehicle, killing
any proctor whom she inquired for, representing his employer as the lawful
successor and representative of that proctor, and bearing the old lady off
(sometimes greatly affected) to his employer's office. Many captives were
brought to me in this way. As to marriage licenses, the competition rose
to such a pitch, that a shy gentleman in want of one, had.nothing to do
but submit himself to the first inveigler, or be fought for, and become the
prey of the strongest. One of our clerks, who was an outsider, used, in
the height of this contest, to sit with his hat on, that he might be ready
to rush out and swear before a surrogate any victim who was brought in.
The system of inveigling continues, I believe, to this day. The last time I
was in the Commons, a civil able-bodied person in a white apron pounced
out upon me from a doorway, and whispering the word "Marriage-
license" in my ear, was with great difficulty prevented from taking me
up in his arms and lifting me into a proctor's.
    From this digression, let me proceed to Dover.
    I found everything in a satisfactory state at the cottage; and was
enabled to gratify my aunt exceedingly by reporting that the tenant
inherited her feud, and waged incessant war against donkies. Having
settled the little business I had to transact there, and slept there one
night, I walked on to Canterbury early in the morning. I t was now
winter again; and the fresh, cold windy day, and the sweeping down-
land, brightened up my hopes a little.
    Coming into Canterbury, I loitered through the old streets with a sober
pleasure that calmed my spirits, and eased my heart. There were the
old signs, the old names over the shops, the old people serving in them.
I t appeared so long, since I had been a schoolboy there, that I wondered
the place was so little changed, until I reflected how little I was
changed myself. Strange to say, that quiet influence which was insepa-
rable in my mind from Agnes, seemed to pervade even the city where she
dwelt. The venerable cathedral towers, and the old jackdaws and rooks
whose airy voices made them more retired than perfect silence would
have done; the battered gateways, once stuck full with statues, long
thrown down, and crumbled away, like the reverential pilgrims who had
gazed upon them ; the still nooks, where the ivied growth of centuries
crept over gabled ends and ruined walls ; the ancient houses, the pastoral
landscape of field, orchard, and garden ; everywhere-on everything-
I felt the same serener air, the same calm, thoughtful, softening spirit.
    Arrived at Mr. Wickfield's house, I found, in the little lower-room on
 the ground floor, where Uriah Heep had been of old accustomed to sit,
 Mr. Micawber plying his pen with great assiduity. He was dressed in a
 legal-looking suit of black, and loomed, burly and large, in that small office.
