44 2           THE PERSONAL HISTOHS AND EXPERIESCE

visit at the Doctor's was still in progress, I observed that the postman
brought two or three letters every morning for Uriah EIeep, who remained
at Highgate until the rest went back, it being a leisure time ; and that these
were always directed in a business-like manner by Mr. Micawber, who now
assumed a round legal hand. I was glad to infer, from these slight
premises, that Mi.. nllicawber was doing well; and consequently was
much surprised to receive, about this time, the follorving letter from his
amiable wife.
                                             " CANTERBURY,
                                                        Idonday .Evening.

             " You will doubtless be surprised, my dear Mr. Copperfield, to
 receive this communication. Still more so, by its contents. Still more so,
 by the stipulation of implicit confidence which I beg to impose. But
 my feelings as a wife and mother require relief; and as I do not wish to
 consult my family (already obnoxious to the feelings of Mr. Micawber), I
 know no one of whom I can better asli advice than my friend and former
 lodger.
    " You may be avrare, my dear Mr. Copperfield, that between myself and
Mr. Micawber (whom I will never desert), there has always been preserved
 a spirit of mutual confidence. Mr. Micawber may have occasionally given a
 bill without consulting me, or he may have misled me as to the period
 when that obligation would become due. This has actually happened. But,
 in general, Mr. Micarvber has had no secrets from the bosom of affection-
 I allude to his wife-and has invariably, on our retirement to rest, recalled
 the events of the day.
    "You will picture to yourself, my dear Mr. Copperfield, what the
 poignancy of my feelings must be, when 4: inform you that Mr. Micawber
 is entirely changed. He is reserved. He is secret. His life is a mystery
 to the partner of his joys and sorrows-I again allude to his wife-and if
 I should assure you that beyond knowing that it is passed from morning to
 night at the office, I now know less of it than I do of the man in the south,
 connected with whose mouth the thoughtless children repeat an idle tale
 respecting cold plum porridge, I should adopt a popular fallacy to express
 an actual fact.
    " But this is not all. Mr. 3Iicawber is morose. H e is severe. He is
 estranged from our eldest son and daughter, he has no pride in his twins,
 he looks with an eye of coldness even on the unoffending stranger who
last became a member of our circle. The pecuniary means of meeting
 our expenses, kept down to the utmost farthing, are obtained from him
with great difficulty, and even under fearful threats that he will Settle
himself (the exact expression); and he inexorably refuses to give any
exolanation whatever of this distracting ~olicv.
   $' This is hard to bear. This is huek-t-bieaking. If you will advise
me, knowing my feeble powers such as they are, how you think it will be
best to exert them in a dilemma so unwonted, you will add another friendly
obligation to the many you have already rendered me. With loves from
the children, and a smile from the happily-unconscious stranger, I remain,
dear Mr. Copperfield,
                                            " Your afflicted
                                                    " EMMA    MICAWBER."
