226           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   There were great changes in my old home. The ragged nests, so long
deserted by the rooks, were gone ; and the trees were lopped and topped
out of their remembered shapes. The garden had run wild, and half the
windows of the house were shut up. I t was occupied, but only by a poor
lunatic gentleman, and the people who took care of him. He was always
sitting at my little window, looking out into the church-yard; and I won-
dered whether his rambling thoughts ever went upon any of the fancies
that used to occupy mine, on the rosy mornings when I peeped out of that
same little window in my night-clothes, and saw the sheep quietly feeding
in the light of the rising sun.
   Our old neighbours, Mr. and Mrs. Grayper, were gone to South America,
and the rain had made its way through the roof of their empty house, and
stained the outer walls. Mr. Chillip was married again to a tall, raw-
boned, high-nosed wife ; and they had a weazen little baby, with a heavy
head that it couldn't hold up, and two weak staring eyes, with which it
seemed to be always wondering why it had ever been born.
   I t was with a singular jumble of sadness and pleasure that I used to
linger about my native place, until the reddening winter sun admonished
me that it was time to start on my returning walk. But, when the place
was left behind, and especially when Steerforth and I were happily seated
over our dinner by a blazing fire, it was delicious to think of having been
there. So it was, though in a softened degree, when I went to my neat
room at night ;and, turning over the leaves of the crocodile-book (which was
always there, upon a little table), remembered with a grateful heart how
blest I was in having such a friend as Steerforth, such a friend as Peggotty,
and such a substitute for what I had lost as my excellent and generous
aunt.
   My nearest way to Yarmouth, in coming back from these long balks,
was by a ferry. I t landed me on the flat between the town and the sea,
which I couldmake straight across, and so save myself a considerable circuit
by the high road. Mr. Peggotty's house being on that waste-place, and
not a hundred yards out of my track, I always looked in as I went by.
Steerforth was pretty sure to be there expecting me, and we went on
together through the frosty air and gathering fog towards the twinkling
lights of the town.
    One dark evening, when I was later than usual-for I had, that day,
been making my parting visit to Blunderstone, as we were now about to
return home-I found him alone in Mr. Peggotty's house, sitting thought-
fully before the fire. He was so intent upon his own reflections that he
was quite unconscious of my approach. This, indeed, he might easily
have been if he had been less absorbed, for footsteps fell noiselessly
 on the sandy ground outside; but even my entrance failed to rouse
 him. I was standing close to him, looking at him ;and still, with a heavy
 brow, he was lost in his meditations.
    H e gave such a start when I put my hand upon his shoulder, that he
 made me start too.
    "You come upon me," he said, almost angrily, "like a reproachful
 ghost ! "
    "I was obliged to announce myself somehow," I replied. "Have
 I called you down from the stars ? "
    " No," he answered.     "No."
