                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           399
    Mr. Micawber was extremely glad to see me, but a little confused too.
H e would have conducted me immediately into the presence of Uriah, but
I declined.
    " I know the house of old, you recollect," said I, " and will find my
way up stairs. How do you like the law, Mr. Micawber?"
    " My dear Copperfield,"    he replied. "To a man possessed of the
higher imaginative powers, the objection to legal studies is the amount of
detail which they involve. Even in our professional correspondence,"
said Mr. Micawber, glancing at some letters he was writing, " the mind
is not at liberty to soar to any exalted form of expression. Still, it is a
great pursuit. A great pursuit ! "
    H e then told me that he had become the tenant of Uriah Heep's old
house ; and that Mrs. Micawber would be delighted to receive me, once
more, under her own roof.
    " I t is humble," said Mr. Micawber, "-to quote a favourite expression
of my friend Heep; but it may prove the stepping-stone to more
ambitious domiciliary accommodation."
    I asked him whether he had reason, so far, to be satisfied with his friend
Heep's treatment of him ? He got up to ascertain if the door were close
shut, before he replied, in a lower voice :
    "My dear Copperfield, a man who labours under the pressure of
pecuniary embarrassments, is, with the generality of people, at a disad-
vantage. That disadvantage is not diminished, when that pressure neces-
sitates the drawing of stipendiary emoluments, before those emoluments
are strictly due and payable. All I can say is, that my friend Heep has
responded to appeals to which I need not more particularly refer, in a
manner calculated to redound equally to the honour of his head, and of
his heart."
    "I should not have supposed him to be very free with his money
either," I observed.
    "Pardon me ! " said Mr. Micawber, with an air of constraint, "I
 speak of my friend Heep as I have experience."
    " I am glad your experience is so favourable," I returned.
     "You are very obliging, my dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber ;
 and hummed a tune.
     " Do you see much of Mr. Wickfield? " I asked, to change the subject.
     " Not much," said Mr. Micawber, slightingly. " Mr. Wickfield is, I
 dare say, a man of very excellent intentions; but he is-in short, he
 is obsolete."
     "I am afraid his partner seeks to make him so," said I.
     " My dear Copperfield ! " returned Mr. Micawber, after some uneasy

 evolutions on his stool, "allow me to offer a remark ! I am here, in a
 capacity of confidence. I am here, in a position of trust. The discussion
 of some topics, even with Mrs. Micawber herself (so long the partner of
 my various vicissitudes, and a woman of a remarkable lucidity of intellect),
 is, I am led to consider, incompatible with the functions now devolving
 on me. I would therefore take the liberty of suggesting that in our
 friendly intercourse-which I trust will never be disturbed!-we          draw
 a line. On one side of this line," said Mr. Micawber, representing
 it on the desk with the office ruler, "is the whole range of the human
