              THE   PERSONAL    HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

to change this treasure into sixpences, or his bringing them to my aunt
arranged in the form of a heart upon a waiter, with tears of joy and pride
in his eyes. He was like one under the propitious influence of a charm,
from the moment of his being usefully employed; and if there were a
happy man in the world, that Saturday night, it was the grateful creature
who thought my aunt the most wonderful woman in existence, and me the
most wonderful young man.
   "No starving now, Trotwood," said Mr. Dick, shaking hands with me
in a corner. " I'll provide for her, sir ! " and he flourished his ten fingers
in the air, as if they were ten banks.
   I hardly know which was the better pleased, Traddles or I. " I t
really," said Traddles, suddenly, taking a letter out of his pocket, and
giving it to me, " put Mr. Micawber quite out of my head ! "
   The letter (Mr. Micawber never missed any possible opportunity of
writing a letter) was addressed to me, "By the kindness of T. Traddles,
Esquire, of the Inner Temple." It ran thus :-
  " MY DEAR COPPERFIELD,
            " You may possibly not be unprepared to receive the intimation
that something has turned up. I may have mentioned to you on a former
occasion that I was in expectation of such an event.
   " I am about to establish myself in one of the provincial towns of our
favored island, (where the society may be described as a happy admixture
of the agricultural and the clerical), in immediate connexion with one of
the learned professions. Mrs. Micawber and our offspring will accompany
me. Our ashes, at a future period, will probably be found commingled
in the cemetery attached to a venerable pile, for which the spot to which
I refer, has acquired a reputation, shall I say from China to Peru ?
   " I n bidding adieu to the modern Babylon, where we have undergone

many vicissitudes, I trust not ignobly, Mrs. Micawber and myself cannot
disguise from our minds that we part, it may be for years and it may be
for ever, with an individual linked by strong associations to the altar of
our domestic life. If, on the eve of such a departure, you will accom-
pany our mutual friend, Mr. Thomas Traddles, to our present abode,
and there reciprocate the wishes natural to the occasion, you will confer
a Boon
               'i On
                   " One

                       " Who

                          '( Is
                               " Ever yours,
                                           " WILKINS MICAWBER."


  I was glad to find that Mr. Micawber had got rid of his dust and ashes,
and that something really had turned up at last. Learning from Traddles
that the invitation referred to the evening then wearing away, I expressed
my readiness to do honor to i t ; and we went off together to the lodging
which Mr. Micawber occupied as Mr. Mortimer, and which was situated
near the top of the Gray's Inn Road.
  The resources of this lodging were so limited, that we found the twins,
now some eight or nine years old, reposing in a turn-up bedstead in the
