                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                           CHAPTER LVIII.
                                  ABSENCE.

    IT was a long and gloomy night that gathered on me, haunted by the
 ghosts of many hopes, of many dear remembrances, many errors, many
 unavailing sorrows and regrets.
    I went away from England ;not knowing, even then, how great the shock
 was, that I had to bear. I left all who were dear to me, and vrent away ;and
 believed that I had borne it, and it was past. As a man upon a field of
 battle will receive a mortal hurt, and scarcely know that he is struck, so I,
 when I was left alone with my undisciplined heart, had no conception of
 the wound with which it had to strive.
    The knowledge came upon me, not quickly, but little by little, and
 grain by grain. The desolate feeling with which I went abroad, deepened
 and widened hourly. At first it was a heavy sense of loss and sorrow,
 wherein I could distinguish little else. By imperceptible degrees, it
became a hopeless consciousness of all that I had lost-love, friendship,
interest; of all that had been shattered-my first trust, my first afTection,
the whole airy castle of my life; of all that remained-a ruined blank and
waste, lying wide around me, unbroken, to the dark horizon.
   If my grief were selfish, 1did not know it to be so. I mourned for my
child-wife, taken from her blooming world, so young. I mourned for
him who might have won the love and admiration of thousands, as he
had won mine long ago. I mourned for the broken heart that had found
rest in the stormy sea; and for the wandering remnants of the simple
home, where I had heard the night-wind blowing, when I was a child.
   From the accumulated sadness into which I fell, I had at length no
hope of ever issuing again. I roamed from place to place, carrying my
burden with me everywhere. I felt its whole weight now ; and I drooped
beneath it, and 1 said in my heart that it could never be lightened.
   When this despondency was at its worst, I believed that I should die.
Sometimes, I thought that I would like to die at home; and actually
turned back on my road, that I might get there soon. At other times, I
passed on farther away, from city to city, seeking I know not what, and
trying to leave I know not what behind.
   I t is not in my power to retrace, one by one, all the weary phases of
distress of mind through which 1 passed. There are some dreams that
can only be imperfectly and vaguely described; and when I oblige myself
to look back on this time of my life, I seem to be recalling such a dream.
J see myself passing on among the novelties of foreign towns, palaces,
cathedrals, temples, pictures, castles, tombs, fantastic streets-the old
abiding places of History and Fansy-as a dreamer might; bearing my
painful load through all, and hardly conscious of the objects as they fade
                                                              P P
