                        OF DAVID COPPEPFIELD.                          $57
 quite a desperate little attempt "to be good," as she called it. But the
 figures had the old obstinate propensity-they zoould lzot add up. When
she had entered two or three laborious items in the account-book, Jip
would walk over the page, wagging his tail, and smear them all out. Her
own little right-hand middle finger got steeped to the very bone in ink ;
and I think that was the only decided result attained.
    Sometimes, of an evening, when I was at home and at work-for I
wrote a good deal now, and was beginning in a small way to be known as
a writer-I would lay down my pen, and watch my child-wife trying to be
good. First of all, she would bring out the immense account-book, and
lay it down upon the table, with a deep sigh. Then she would open it
at the place where Jip had made it illegible last night, and call Jip up, to
look at his misdeeds. This would occasion a diversion in Jip's favour,
and some inking of his nose, perhaps, as a penalty. Then she would tell
Jip to lie down on the table mstantly, "like a lion "-which was one of
his tricks, though I cannot say the likeness was striking-and, if he were
in an obedient humor, he would obey. Then she would take up a pen,
and begin to write, and find a hair in it. Then she would take up another
pen, and begin to write, and find that it spluttered. Then she would take
up another pen, and begin to write, and say in a low voice, " Oh, it's a
talking pen, and will disturb Doady ! " And then she would give it up as a
bad job, and put the account-book away, after pretending to crush the
lion with it.
    Or, if she were in a very sedate and serious state of mind, she w o ~ ~ l d
sit down with the tablets, and a little basket of bills and other documents,
which looked more like curl-papers than anything else, and endeavour to
get some result out of them. After severely comparing one with another,
and making entries on the tablets, and blotting them out, and counting all
the fingers of her left hand over and over again, backwards and forwards,
she would be so vexed and discouraged, and would look so unhappy, that
it gave me pain to see her bright face clouded-and for me!-and I
would go softly to her, and say:
    "What's the matter, Dora? "
    Dora would look up hopelessly, and reply, "They won't come right.
They make my head ache so. And they won't do anything I want ! "
    Then I would say, "Now let us try together. Let me show you,
Dora."
    Then I would commence a practical demonstration, to which Dora
would pay profound attention, perhaps for five minutes ; when she would
begin to be dreadfully tired, and would lighten the subject by curling my
hair, or trying the effect of my face with my shirt collar turned down.
If I tacitly checked this playfulness, and persisted, she would look so scared
and disconsolate, as she became more and more bewildered, that the
remembrance of her natural gaiety when I first strayed into her path, and
of her being my child-wife, would come reproachfully upon me ; and I
would lay the pencil down, and call for the guitar.
    I had a great deal of work to do, and had many anxieties, but the
same considerations made me keep them to myself. I am far from sure,
now, that it was right to do this, but I did it for my child-wife's
sake. I search my breast, and I commit its secrets, if I know them,
