314           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIESCE

   We remained there, watching him, a long time-hours.       What mysteri-
ous influence my presence had upon him in that state of his senses, I shall
not pretend to say; but when he at last began to wander feebly, it is
certain he was muttering about driving me to school.
   "He's coming to himself," said Peggotty.
   Mr. Peggotty touched me, and whispered with much awe and reverence,
"They are both a going out fast."
   " Barkis, my dear ! " said Peggotty.

   " C. P. Barkis," he cried, faintly, "No better woman anywhere !"
   "Look ! Here's Master Davy ! " said Peggotty. For he now opened
his eyes.
   I was on the point of asking him if he knew me, when he tried to
stretch out his arm, and said to me, distinctly, with a pleasant smile :
   " Barkis is rvillin' ! "

   And, it being low water, he went out with the tide.




                          CHBPTXR XXXI.
                            A GREATER LOSS,

   ITwas not difficult for me, on Peggotty's solicitation, to resolve to stay
where I was, until after the remains of the poor carrier should have made
their last journey to Blunderstone. She had long ago bought, out of her
own savings, a little piece of ground in our old churchyard near the grave
"of her sweet girl," as she always called my mother ; and there they mere
to rest.
   I n keeping Peggotty company, and doing all I could for her (little
enough at the utmost), I was as grateful, I rejoice to think, as even now 1
could wish myself to have been. But I am afraid I had a supreme
satisfaction, of a personal and professional nature, in taking charge of
Mr. Barkis's will, and expounding its contents.
   I may claim the merit of having originated the suggestion that the will
should be looked for in the box. After some search, it was found in the
box, at the bottom of a horse's nose-bag ; wherein (besides hay) there was
discovered an old gold watch, with chain and seals, which Mr. Barkis had
worn on his wedding-day, and which had never been seen before or since ;
a silver tobacco-stopper, in the form of a leg ; an imitation lemon, full of
minute cups and saucers, which I have some idea Mr. Barkis must have
purchased to present to me when I was a child, and afterwards found
himself unable to part with ; eighty-seven guineas and a half, in guineas
and half guineas ; two hundred and ten pounds, in perfectly clean Bank
notes; certain receipts for Bank of England stock; an old horse-shoe, a
bad shilling, a piece of camphor, and an oyster-shell. Prom the circum-
stance of the latter article having been much polished, and displaying
prismatic colours on the inside, I conclude that Mr. Barkis had some
