364            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 own bread, than with the hope of earning it under my old master; in
 short, acting on the advice of Agnes, I sat down and wrote a letter to the
 Doctor, stating my object, and appointing to call on him next day at ten
in the forenoon. This I addressed to Highgate-for in that place, so
memorable to me, he lived-and went out and posted, myself, without
losing a minute.
    Wherever Agnes was, some agreeable token of her noiseless presence
 seemed inseparable from the place. When I came back, I found my
aunt's birds hanging, just as they had hung so long in the parlor window
of the cottage; and my easy chair imitating my aunt's much easier chair
in its position at the open window ; and even the round green fan, which
my aunt had brought away with her, screwed on to the window-sill. I
knew who had done all this, by its seeming to have quietly done itself;
and I should have known in a moment who had arranged my neglected
books in the old order of my school days, even if I had supposed Agnes
to be miles away, instead of seeing her busy with them, and smiling at the
disorder into which they had fallen.
   My aunt was quite gracious on the subject of the Thames (it really did
look very well with the sun upon it, though not like the sea before the
cottage), but she could not relent towards the London smoke, which, she
said, " peppered everything." A complete revolution, in which Yeggotty
bore a prominent part, was being effected in every corner of my rooms,
in regard of this pepper; and I was looking on, thinking how little even
Peggotty seemed to do with a good deal of bustle, and how much Agnes
did without any bustle at all, when a knock came at the door.
   " I think," said Agnes, turning pale, "it's    papa. H e promised me
that he would come."
   I opened the door, and admitted, not only Mr. Wickfield, but Uriah
Heep. I had not seen Mr. Wickfield for some time. I was prepared
for a great change in him, after what I had heard from Agnes, but his
appearance shocked me.
   It was not that he looked many years older, though still dressed with
the old scrupulous cleanliness ; or that there was an unwholesome ruddi-
ness upon his face ; or that his eyes were full and bloodshot ; or that there
was a nervous trembling in his hand, the cause of which I knew, and had
for some years seen at work. I t was not that he had lost his good looks,
or his old bearing of a gentleman-for that he had not-but the thing
that struck me most, was, that with the evidences of his native superiority
still upon him, he should submit himself to that crawling impersonation of
meanness, Uriah Heep. The reversal of the two natures, in their relative
positions, Uriah's of power and Mr. Wickfield's of dependence, was a sight
more painful to me than I can express. If I had seen an Ape taking com-
mand of a Man, I should hardly have thought it a more degrading spectacle.
   He appeared to be only too conscious of it himself. When he came in,
he stood still; and with his head bowed, as if he felt it. This was only
for a moment; for Agnes softly said to him, " Papa! Here is Miss Trot-
wood-and Trotwood, whom you have not seen for a long while! " and
then he approached, and constrainedly gave my aunt his hand, and shook
hands more cordially with me. I n the moment's pause I speak of, I
saw Uriah's countenance form itself into a most ill-favored smlle. Agnes
 saw it too, I think, for she shrank from him.
