                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            25

    I couldn 't help it. " -Dead, Mr. Peggotty ? " I hinted, after another
respectful silence.
    " Drowndead," said Mr. Peggotty.
    I felt the difficulty of resuming the subject, but had not got to the
bottom of it yet, and must get to the bottom somehow. So I said :
    " Havn 't you any children, Mr. Peggotty ? "

    " No, master," he answered with a short laugh. " I 'm a bacheldore."
    " A bachelor ! "    I said, astonished. " Why, who 's that, Mr. Peg-
gotty ? " Pointing to the person in the apron who was knitting.
    " That's Missis Gummidge," said Mr. Peggotty.
    " Gummidge, Mr. Peggotty ?"
    But at this point Peggotty-I mean my own peculiar Peggotty-
made such impressive motions to me not to ask any more questions,
that I could only sit and look at all the silent company, until it
was time to go to bed. Then, in the privacy of my own little cabin,
she informed me that Ham and Em'ly were an orphan nephew and
niece, whom my host had at different times adopted in their child-
hood, when they were left destitute ; and that Mrs. Gummidge was
the widow of his partner in a boat, who had died very poor. EIe
was but a poor man himself, said Peggotty, but as good as gold
and as true as steel-those were her similies. The only subject, she
informed me, on which he ever showed a violent temper or swore an
oath, was this generosity of his; and if it were ever referred to, by any
one of them, he struck the table a heavy blow with his right hand (had
split it on one such occasion), and swore a dreadful oath that he would
be ' Gormed' if he didn't cut and run for good, if it was ever men-
tioned again. It appeared, in answer to my inquiries, that nobody
had the least idea of the etymology of this terrible verb passive to be
gormed; but that they all regarded it as constituting a most solemn
imprecation.
    I was very sensible of my entertainer's goodness, and listened to the
 women's going to bed in another little crib like mine at the opposite end
 of the boat, and to him and Ham hanging up two hammocks for themselves
 on the hooks I had noticed in the roof, in a very luxurious state of
 mind, enhanced by my being sleepy. As slumber gradually stole upon
 me, I heard the wind howling out at sea and coming on across the flat so
 fiercely, that I had a lazy apprehension of the great deep rising in the
 night. But I bethought myself that I was in a boat, after all; and that a
 man like Mr. Peggotty was not a bad person to have on board if anything
 did happen.
    Nothing happened, however, worse than morning. Almost as soon as it
 shone upon the oyster-shell frame of my mirror I was out of bed, and out
 with little Em'ly, picking up stones upon the beach.
    " You're quite a sailor, I suppose ? " I said to Em'ly. I don't know
 that I supposed any thing of the kind, but I felt it an act of gallantry to
 say something; and a shining sail close to us made such a pretty little
 image of itself, at the moment, in her bright eye, that it came into my head
 to say this.
     " No," replied Em'ly, shaking her head, " I'm afraid of the sea."
