118             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 a scrap of anything in the larder. I was accustomed to speak of the larder
 when I lived with papa and mama, and I use the word almost unconsciously.
 What I mean to express, is, that there is nothing to eat in the house."
    "Dear me ! " I said, in great concern.
    I had two or three shillings of my week's money in my pocket-from
which I presume that it must have been on a Wednesday night when we
held this conversation-and I hastily produced them, and with heartfelt
emotion begged Mrs. Micawber to accept of them as a loan. But that lady,
kissing me, and making me put them back in my pocket, replied that she
couldn't think of it.
    "No, my dear Master Copperfield," said she, "far be it from my
thoughts ! But you have a discretion beyond your years, and can render
me another kind of service, if you will; and a service I will thankfully
accept of."
    I begged Mrs. Micawber to name it.
    " I have parted with the plate myself," said Mrs. Micawber.     " Six tea,
two salt, and a pair of sugars, I have at different times borrowed money on,
in secret, with my own hands. But the twins are a great tie ; and to me,
with my recollections of papa and mama, these transactions are very
painful. There are still a few trifles that we could part with. Mr.
Micawber's feelings would never allow him to dispose of them; and Clickett"
-this was the girl from the workhouse-" being of a vulgar mind, would
take painful liberties if so much confidence was reposed in her. Master
 Copperfield, if I might ask you"-
    I understood Mrs. Micawber now, and begged her to make use of me
 to any extent. I began to dispose of the more portable articles of pro-
 perty that very evening ; and went out on a similar expedition almost
 every morning, before I went to Murdstone and Grinby's.
    Mr. Micawber had a few books on a little chiffonier, which he called the
 library; and those went first. I carried them, one after another, to a
 bookstall in the City Road-one part of which, near our house, was
 almost all bookstalls and bird-shops then-and sold them for whatever
 they would bring, The keeper of this bookstall, who lived in a little
 house behind it, used to get tipsy every night, and to be violently scolded
 by his wife every morning. More than once, when I went there early, I
had audience of him in a turn-up bedstead, with a cut in his forehead or
a black eye, bearing witness to his excesses over night (I am afraid he was
 quarrelsome in his drink), and he, with a shaking hand, endeavouring to
find the needful shillings in one or other of the pockets of his clothes,
which lay upon the floor, while his wife, with a baby in her arms and her
 shoes down at heel, never left off rating him. Sometimes he had lost his
money, and then he would ask me to call again; but his wife had always
 got some-had taken his, I dare say, while he was drunk-and secretly
 completed the bargain on the stairs, as we went down together.
    At the pawnbroker's shop, too, I began to be very well known. The
 principal gentleman who officiated behind the counter, took a good deal
 of notice of me ; and often got me, I recollect, to decline a Latin noun or
 adjective, or to conjugate a Latin verb, in his ear, while he transacted my
 business. After all these occasions Mrs. Micawber made a little treat,
 which was generally a supper; and there was a peculiar relish in these
 meals which I well remember.
