               THE PERSONAL IIISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

ladies come to see her; and then we talk about our wedding-day, and all
that happy time.
   What a strange rest and pause in my life there seems to be-and in
all life, within doors and without-when I sit in the quiet, shaded, orderly,
room, with the blue eyes of my child-wife turned towards me, and her little
fingers twining round my hand ! Many and many an hour I sit thus ; but,
of all those times, three times come the freshest on my mind.
   I t is morning ; and Dora, made so trim by my aunt's hands, shews me
how her pretty hair will curl upon the pillow yet, and how long and bright
it is, and how she likes to have it loosely gathered in that net she wears.
   "Not that I am vain of it, now, you mocking boy," she says, when I
smile; "but because you used to say you thought it so beautiful; and
because, when I first began to think about you, I used to peep in the
glass, and wonder whether you would like very much to have a lock of it.
Oh what a foolish fellow you were, Doady, when I gave you one ! "
   " That was on the day when you were painting the flowers I had given
you, Dora, and when I told you how much in love I was."
   " Ah ! but I didn't like to tell you," says Dora, " then, how I had
cried over them, because I believed you really liked me ! When I can
run about again as I used to do, Doady, let us go and see those places
where we were such a silly couple, shall we ? And take some of the old
walks ? And not forget poor papa ? "
   " Yes, we will, and have some happy days. So you must make haste
to get well, my dear."
   " Oh, I shall soon do that ! I am so much better, you don't know ! "


   I t is evening; and I sit in the same chair, by the same bed, with the
 same face turned towards me. We have been silent, and there is a smile
upon her face. I have ceased to carry my light burden up and down
stairs now. She lies here all the day.
   " Doady ! "

   '' My dear Dora ! "
   "You won't think what I am going to say, unreasonable, after what
you told me, such a little while ago, of Mr. Wickfield's not being well? I
want to see Agnes. Very much I want to see her."
   " I will write to her, my dear."
   " Will you ? '"
   " Directly."
   "What a good, kind boy ! Doady, take me on your arm. Indeed, my
dear, it 'S not a whim. I t 'S not a foolish fancy. I want, very much
indeed, to see her ! "
   " I am certain of it. I have only to tell her so, and she is sure to come."
   "You are very lonely when you go down stairs, now?" Dora whispers,
with her arm about my neck.
   " How can I be otherwise, my own love, when I see your empty chair? "

   " My empty chair ! "    She clings to me for a little while, in silence.
" And you really miss me, Doady ? " looking up, and brightly smiling.

" Even poor, giddy, stupid me ? "

   "My heart, who is there upon earth that I could miss so much?"
   " Oh, husband ! I am so glad, yet so sorry ! " creeping closer to me,
