452           THE PE~LSONALHISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I leaned my head upon my hand; and felt niore sorry and downcast, as
I sat looking at the fire, than I could have supposed possible so soon
after the fulfilment of my brightest hopes. As I sat thinking, I happened
to meet my aunt's eyes, which were resting on my face. There ~vasan
anxious expression in them, but it cleared directly.
   " I assure you, aunt," said I, " I have been quite unhappy myself all
night, to think of Dora's being so. But I had no other intention than to
speak to her tenderly and lovingly about our home-affairs."
   My aunt nodded encouragement.
   " You must have patience, Trot," said she.

   " Of course. Heaven knows I don't mean to be unreasonable, aunt ! "
   "No, no," said my aunt. " But Little Blossom is a very tender little
blossom, and the wind must be gentle with her."
   I thanked my good aunt, in my heart, for her tenderness towards my
wife ; and I was sure that she knew I did.
   "Don't you think, aunt," said I, after some further contemplation of
the fire, " that you could advise and counsel Dora a little, for our mutual
advantage, now and then ? "
   " Trot," returned my aunt, with some emotion, " no ! Don't ask me
such a thing ! "
   Her tone was so very earnest that I raised my eyes in surprise.
   " I look back on my life, child," said my aunt, " and I think of some

who are in their graves, with whom I might have been on kinder terms.
If I judged harshly of other people's mistakes in marriage, it may have
been because I had bitter reason to judge harshly of my own. Let that
 pass. I have been a grumpy, frumpy, wayward sort of a woman, a good
many years. I am still, and I always shall be. But you and I have done
 one another some good, Trot,-at all events, you have done me good, my
 dear; and division must not come between us, at this time of day."
   " Division between us !"   cried I.
   " Child, child ! " said my aunt, smoothing her dress, "how soon it
might come between us, or how unhappy I might make our Little Blossom,
if I meddled in anything, a prophet couldn't say. I want our pet to
like me, and be as gay as a butterfly. Remember your own home, in
that second marriage ; and never do both me and her the injury you have
hinted at ! "
   I comprehended, at once, that my aunt was right ; and I comprehended
the f ~ d extent
          l      of her generous feeling towards my dear wife.
   " These are early days, Trot," she pursued, " and Rome was not built
in a day, nor in a year. You have chosen freely for yourself;" a cloud
passed over her face for a moment, I thought; " and you have chosen a
very pretty and a very affectionate creature. I t will be your duty, and it
will be your pleasure too-of course I know that; I am not delivering a
lecture-to estimate her (as yon chose her) by the qualities she has, and
not by the qualities she may not have. The latter you must develop in
her, if you can. And if you cannot, child," here my aunt rubbed her nose,
"you must just accustom yourself to do without 'em. But remember,
my dear, your future is between yon two. No one can assist you; you
are to work it out for yourselves. This is marriage, Trot; and Heaven
bless you both, in it, for a pair of babes in the wood as you are ! "
