254            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

cloth was cleared, and the dessert put on the table ; at which period of
the entertainment the handy young man was discovered to be speechless.
Giving him private directions to seek the society of Mrs. Crupp, and to
remove the "young gal" to the basement also, I abandoned myself to
enjoyment.
    I began, by being singularly cheerful and light-hearted; all sorts of
half-forgotten things to talk about, came rushing into my mind, and made
me hold forth in a most unwonted manner. I laughed heartily at my
own jokes, and everybody else's ; called Steerforth to order for not passing
the wine; made several engagements to go to Oxford ; announced that I
meant to have a dinner party exactly like that, once a week until further
notice ; and madIy took so much snuff out of Grainger's box, that I was
obliged to go into the pantry, and have a private fit of sneezing ten
minutes long.
    I went on, by passing the wine faster and faster yet, and continually
starting up with a corkscrew to open more wine, long before any was
needed. I proposed Steerforth's health. I said he was my dearest
friend, the protector of my boyhood, and the companion of my prime. I
said I was delighted to propose his health. I said I owed him more
obligations than I could ever repay, and held him in a higher admiration
than I could ever express. I finished by saying, "I'll give you Steerforth !
God bless him ! Hurrah ! " We gave him three times three, and another,
and a good one to finish with. I broke my glass in going round the
table to shake hands with him, and I said (in two words) " Steerforth-
you'retheguidingstarofmyexist ence."
   I went on, by finding suddenly that somebody was in the middle of a
song. Markham was the singer, and he sang "When the heart of a man
is depressed with care." He said, when he had sung it, he would give us
"Woman ! " I took objection to that, and I couldn't allow it. I said it
was not a respectful way of proposing the toast, and I would never
permit that toast to be drunk in my house otherwise than as "The
Ladies! " I was very high with him, mainly I think because I saw
Steerforth and Grainger laughing at me-or at him-or at both of us.
H e said a man was not to be dictated to. I said a man was. He said a
man was not to be insulted, then. I said he was right there-never
under my roof, where the Lares were sacred, and the laws of hospitality
paramount.      He said it was no derogation from a man's dignity to
confess that I was a devilish good fellow. I instantly proposed his
health.
    Somebody was smoking. We were all smoking. I was smoking, and
trying to suppress a rising tendency to shudder. Steerforth had made a
speech about me, in the course of which I had been affected almost to tears.
I returned thanks, and hoped the present company would dine with me
to-morrow, and the day after-each day at five o'clock, that we might
enjoy the pleasures of conversation and society through a long evening.
I felt called upon to propose an individual. I would give them my aunt.
Miss Betsey Trotwood, the best of her sex!
    Somebody was leaning out of my bed-room window, refreshing his
forehead against the cool stone of the parapet, and feeling the air upon his
 face. It was myself. I was addressing myself as Copperfield," and
                                                       '(
