                            OF DAVLD COPPERFIELD.                           93
    she did upon her knees, humming a lively little tune the while. Joram,
    who I had no doubt was her lover, came in and stole a kiss from her
    while she was busy (he didn't appear to mind me, at all), and said her
    father was gone for the chaise, and he must make haste and get himself
    ready. Then he went out again; and then she put her thimble and
    scissors in her pocket, and stuck a needle threaded with black thread
    neatly in the bosom of her gown, and put on her outer clothing smartly,
    at a little glass behind the door, in which I saw the reflection of her
    pleased face.
       All this I observed, sitting at the table in the corner with my head
    leaning on my hand, and my thoughts running on very different things.
    The chaise soon came round to the front of the shop, and the baskets
    being put in first, I was put in next, and those three followed. I remember
    it as a kind of half chaise-cart, half piano-forte van, painted of a
    sombre color, and drawn by a black horse with a long tail. There was
    plenty of room for us all.
       I do not think I have ever experienced so strange a feeling in my life
    (I am wiser now, perhaps) as that of being with them, remembering how
    they had been employed, and seeing them enjoy the ride. I was not
    angry with them; I was more afraid of them, as if I were cast away among
    creatures with whom I had no community of nature. They were very
    cheerful. The old man sat in front to drive, and the two young people
    sat behind him, and whenever he spoke to them leaned forward, the one
    on one side of his chubby face and the other on the other, and made a
    great deal of him. They would have talked to me too, but I held back,
    and moped in my corner; scared by their love-making and hilarity, though
    it was far from boisterous, and almost wondering that no judgment came
    upon them for their hardness of heart.
       So, when they stopped to bait the horse, and ate and drank and enjoyed
    themselves, I could touch nothing that they touched, but kept my fast
'   unbroken. So, when we reached home, I dropped out of the chaise behind,
    as quickly as possible, that I might not be in their company before those
    solemn windows, looking blindly on me like closed eyes once bright. And
    oh, how little need I had had to think what would move me to tears
    when I came back-seeing the window of my mother's room, and next it
    that which, in the better time, was mine !
       I was in Peggotty's arms before I got to the door, and she took me
    into the house. Her grief burst out when she first saw me; but she
    controuled it soon, and spoke in whispers, and walked softly, as if the
    dead could be disturbed. She had not been in bed, I found, for a long
    time. She sat up at night still, and watched. As long as her poor dear
    pretty was above the ground, she said, she would never desert her.
       Mr. Mnrdstone took no heed of me when I went into the parlor where
    he was, but sat by the fireside, weeping silently, and pondering in his
    elbow-chair. Miss Murdstoue, who was busy at her writing-desk, which
    was covered with letters and papers, gave me her cold finger-nails, and
    asked me, in an iron whisper, if I had been measured for my mourning.
       I said : " Yes."
       "And your shirts," said Miss Murdstone; " have you brought 'em
    home ? "
       "Yes, ma'am. I have brought home all my clothes.'
