 362           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  seemed to have her there; how trustfully, although she was so young
  and inexperienced, my aunt confided in her ; how strong she was, indeed, in
  simple love and truth.
     We began to talk about my aunt's losses, and I told them what I had
  tried to do that morning.
     " Which was injudicious, Trot," said my aunt, "but wellmeant.      You
  are a generous boy-I suppose I mustsay,young man,now-and I am proud
  of you, my dear. So far, so good. Now, Trot and Agnes, let us look
  the case of Betsey Trotwood in the face, and see how it stands."
     I observed Agnes turn pale, as she looked very attentively at my
  aunt. My aunt, patting her cat, looked very attentively at Agnes.
     " Betsey Trotwood," said my aunt, " who had always kept her money
 matters to herself : "-I don't mean your sister, Trot, my dear, but myself
 -had a certain property. I t don't matter how much; enough to live
 on. More ; for she had saved a little, and added to it. Betsey funded her
 property for some time, and then, by the advice of her man of business,
 laid it out on landed security. That did very well, and returned very good
 interest, till Betsey was paid off. I am talking of Betsey as if she was a
 man-of-war. Well! Then, Betsey had to look about her, for a new
 investment. She thought she was wiser, now, than her man of business,
 who was not such a good man of business by this time, as he used to be-
 I am alluding to your father, Agnes-and she took it into her head to lay
 it out for herself. So she took her pigs," said my aunt, " to a foreign
 market; and a very bad market it turned out to be. First, she lost in the
 mining way, and then she lost in the diving way-fishing up treasure, or
 some such Tom Tidler nonsense," explained my aunt, rubbing her nose;
 " and then she lost in the mining way again, and, last of all, to set the
 thing entirely to rights, she lost in the banking way. I don't know what
 the Bank shares were worth for a little while," said my aunt; " cent per
 cent was the lowest of it, I believe ; but the Bank was at the other end of
the world, and tumbled into space, for what I know; anyhow, it fell to
pieces, and never will and never can pay sixpence ; and Betsey's sixpences
were all there, and there's an end of them. Least said, soonest mended!"
    My aunt concluded this philosophical summary, by fixing her eyes with
a kind of triumph on Agnes, whose color was gradually returning.
    " Dear Miss Trotwood, is that all the history ?" said Agnes.
    " I hope it's enough, child," said my aunt. " If there had been more
money to lose, it wouldn't have been all, I dare say. Betsey would have
contrived to throw that after the rest, and make another chapter, I have
little doubt. But, there was no more money, and there's no more story."
    Agnes had listened at first with suspended breath. Her color
still came and went, but she breathed more freely. I thought I knew
why. I thought she had had some fear that her unhappy father might
be in some way to blame for what had happened. My aunt took her
hand in hers, and laughed.
    " Is that all?" repeated my aunt.        " Why, yes, that's all, except,
' And she lived happy ever afterwards.' Perhaps I may add that of
Eetsey yet, one of these days. Now, Agnes, you have a wise head. So
have you, Trot, in some things, though I can't compliment you always ;"
and here my aunt shook her own at me, with an energy peculiar to
herself. " What's to be done ? Here's the cottage, taking one time with
