                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           361
   "Mr. Heep and his mother. He sleeps in your old room," said Agnes,
looking up into my face.
   " I wish I had the ordering     - of his dreams," said I. " He wouldn't
sleep there long."
    " I keep my own little room," said Agnes, "where I used to learn my
lessons. How the time goes ! You remember ? The little panelled room
that opens from the drawing-room ? "
    "Remember, Agnes? When I saw you, for the first time, coming out
at the door, with your quaint little basket of keys hanging at your side? "
    " I t is just the same," said Agnes, smiling. " I am glad you think of
it so pleasantly. We were very happy."
    "We were, indeed," said I.
    " I keep that room to myself still; but I cannot always desert Mrs.
 Heep, you know. Ar~d so," said Agnes quietly, " I feel obliged to
bear her company, when I might prefer to be alone. But I have no
 other reason to complain of her. If she tires me, sometimes, by her
praises of her son, it is only natural in a mother. He is a very good son
to her."
    I looked at Agnes when she said these words, without detecting in her
any consciousness of Uriah's design. Her mild but earnest eyes met
mine with their own beautiful frankness, and there was no change in her
gentle fsce.
    "The chief evil of their presence in the house," said Agnes, "is that I
cannot be as near papa as I could wish-Uriah Heep being so much
between us-and cannot watch over him, if that is not too bold a thing
to say, as closely as I would. But, if any fraud or treachery is practising
against him, I hope that simple love and truth will be stronger, in the
end. I hope that real love and truth are stronger in the end than any evil
or misfortune in the world."
   A certain bright smile which I never saw on any other face, died away,
even while I thought how good it was, and how familiar it had once
been to me; and she asked me, with a quick change of expression (we
were drawing very near my street), if I knew how the reverse in my aunt's
circumstances had been brought about. On my replying no, she had
not told me yet, Agnes became thoughtful, and I fancied I felt her arm
tremble in mine.
    We found my aunt alone, in a state of some excitement. A difference
 of opinion had arisen between herself and Mrs. Crupp, on an abstract
 question (the propriety of chambers being inhabited by the gentler sex) ;
 and my aunt, utterly indifferent to spasms on the part of Mrs. Crupp,
 had cut the dispute short, by informing that lady that she smelt of my
 brandy, and that she would trouble her to walk out. Both of these
 expressions Mrs. Crupp considered actionable, and had expressed her
 intention of bringing before a " British Judy"-meaning,    it was supposed,
 the bulwark of our national liberties.
    My aunt, however, having had time to cool, while Peggotty was out
 showing Mr. Dick the sold~ersat the Horse Guards-and being, besides,
greatly pleased to see Agnes-rather plumed herself on the affair than
otherwise, and received us with unimpaired good humour. When Agnes
laid her bonnet on the table, and sat down beside her, I could not but
think, looking on her mild eyes and her radiant forehead, how natural it
