280           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 bought four sumptuous waistcoats -not for myself; I had no pride
 in them; for Dora-and        took to wearing straw-colored kid gloves in
 the streets, and laid the foundations of all the corns I have ever had.
 If the boots I wore at that period could only be produced and com-
 pared with the natural size of my feet, they would show what the state
 of my heart was, in a most affecting manner.
    And yet, wretched cripple as I made myself by this act of homage to
 Dora, I walked miles upon miles daily in the hope of seeing her. Not
 only was I soon as well known on the Norwood Road as the postmen on
 that beat, but I pervaded London likewise. I walked about the streets
 where the best shops for ladies were, I haunted the Bazaar like an unquiet
 spirit, I fagged through the Park again and again, long after I was
 quite knocked up. Sometimes, at long intervals and on rare occa-
 sions, I saw her. Perhaps I saw her glove waved in a carriage window ;
perhaps I met her, walked with her and Miss Murdstone a little way,
 and spoke to her. I n the latter case I was always very miserable after-
wards, to think that I had said nothing to the purpose ; or that she had no
idea of the extent of my devotion, or that she cared nothing about
me. I was always looking out, as may be supposed, for another in-
vitation to Mr. Spenlow's house. I was always being disappointed,
for I got none.
    Mrs. Crupp must have been a woman of penetration; for when this
 attachment was but a few weeks old, and I had not had the courage to
 write more explicitly even to Agnes, than that I had been to Mr. Spenlow's
 house, " whose family," I added, " consists of one daughter ;"-I say
 Mrs. Crupp must have been a woman of penetration, for, even in that
 early stage, she found it out. She came up to me one evening, when I
was very low, to ask (she being then afflicted with the disorder I have
mentioned) if I could oblige her with a little tincture of cardamums mixed
with rhubarb, and flavored with seven drops of the essence of cloves,
which was the best remedy for her complaint ;--or, if I had not such a
thing by me, with a little brandy, which was the next best. I t was not,
 she remarked, so palatable to her, but it was the next best. As I had
never even heard of the first remedy, and always had the second in the
closet, I gave Mrs. Crupp a glass of the second, which (that I might
have no suspicion of its being devoted to any improper use) she began to
take in my presence.
    " Cheer up, sir," said Mrs. Crupp, &lt;'I can't abear to see you so, sir,
I'm a mother myself."
    I did not quite perceive the application of this fact to myself, but I
smiled on Mrs. Crupp, as benignly as was in my power.
    " Come, sir,"   said Mrs. Crupp. "Excuse me. I know what it is,
sir. There's a young lady in the case."
    " Mrs. Crupp ? " I returned, reddening.

    " Oh, bless you ! Keep a good heart, sir !" said Mrs. Crupp, noddin
encouragement. " Never say die, sir ! If She don't smile upon yo g
there's a many as will. You're a young gentleman to 6e smiled on.
Mr. Copperfull, and you must learn your walue, sir."
    Mrs. Crupp always called me Mr. Copperfull: firstly, no doubt,
because it was not my name; and secondly, I am inclined to think, in
some indistinct association with a washing-day.
