240           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

much worthier than me, who was all bound up in you, and never vain
and changeable like me ! "
   " Poor little tender-heart," said Ham, in a low voice. " Martha has
overset her, altogether."
   " Please, aunt," sobbed Em'ly, " come here, and let me lay my head

upon you. Oh, I am very miserable to-night, aunt ! Oh, I am not as
good a girl as I ought to be. I am not, I know ! "
   Peggotty had hastened to the chair before the fire. Em'ly, with her
arms around her neck, kneeled by her, looking up most earnestly into her
face.
   " Oh, pray, aunt, try to help me !    Ham, dear, try to help me ! Mr.
David, for the sake of old times, do, please, try to help me ! I want to be
a better girl than I am. I want to feel a hundred times more thankful
than I do. I want to feel more, what a blessed thing it is to be the wife
of a good man, and to lead a peaceful life. Oh me, oh me ! Oh, my
heart, my heart ! "
   She dropped her face on my old nurse's breast, and, ceasing this suppli-
cation, which in its agony and grief was half a woman's, half a child's, as
all her manner was (being, in that, more natural, and better suited to her
beauty, as I thought, than any other manner could have been), wept
silently, while my old nurse hushed her like an infant.
    She got calmer by degrees, and then we soothed her; now talking
encouragingly, and now jesting a little with her, until she began to raise
her head and speak to us. So we got on, until she was able to smile, and
then to laugh, and then to sit up, half ashamed ; while Peggotty recalled
her stray ringlets, dried her eyes, and made her neat again, lest her uncle
should wonder, when she got home, why his darling had been crying.
   I saw her do, that night, what I had never seen her do before. I saw
her innocently kiss her chosen husband on the cheek, and creep close to
his bluff form as if it were her best support. When they went away
together, in the waning moonlight, and I looked after them, comparing
their departure in my mind with Martha's, I saw that she held his arm
with both her hands, and still kept close to him.




                         CHAPTER XXIII.
       I CORROBORATE MR. DICK, AND CHOOSE A PROFESSION.

   WHENI awoke in the morning I thought very much of little Em'ly,
and her emotion last night, after Martha had left. I felt as if I
had come into the knowledge of those domestic weaknesses and tender-
nesses in a sacred confidence, and that to disclose them, even to Steer-
forth, would be wrong. I had no gentler feeling towards any one than
towards the pretty creature who had been my playmate, and whom I have
always been persuaded, and shall always be persuaded, to my dying day,
I then devotedly loved. The repetition to any ears-even to Steerforth's
