                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                    5



            KNIGHT'S PICTORIAL SHAKSPERE:
                              T H E NATIONAL EDITION:
           Published i n Fortnightly Parts, price   Is. each.   A n d Monthly Sections, price 2s. 6d. each.
 *,*     Each Fortnightly P a r t contains a complete Play, and is illustrated with numerous Wood Engravings      ;
                                                                                "
            And each Monthly Section contains Two Plays and a portion of THEBIOGRAPHY           and "
             "THE STUDIES  ;"already published i n two Volumes, cloth boards, price 7s. 6cl. each.
       Part I., containing   'g T H E T W O G E N T L E M E N O F VERONA,"           was published on Saturday,
                      October 12th.
       Part XI., containing "THE C O M E D Y O F ERRORS," was published o n Saturday, October 26th.




        KNICHT'S CYCLQPRDIA OF LONDONI.
     In the year 1844 was completed a Work o n "LONDON," edited by CHARLES    KNIGHT.which extended t o
 Six Large Volumes. I t is proposed to publish a digested abridgment of that Work, with every necessary
addition and correction, that may be completed in One handsome Octavo Volume, and be sold, bound, for
Seven Shillings. This new Work, issued a t this remarkable rate of cheapness, will contain upwards of Six
Hundred Pages of Text, and numerous Engravings.
     In 1851 there will be a gathering from all lands in this, the largest city of the world, whose inhabitants
are in intercourse-commercial, political, or religious-with almost the whole human race. We purposely
select this period for producing a full, compact, and cheap book on LONDON,    that will endeavour to combine
accuracy with amusement,-a Guide for the Visitor,-apermanent Volume in the National Library.


  T h e CYCLOPXDIA OF LONDON   will be published in about THIRTYTWOPENNY  NUMBERS,issued                 WEEKLY,
and will becompleted i n May, 1851, in One Volume, price Seven Shillings.
 Number One, November 1, 1850, price 2d. Part I., December 1,1850, Price 9d.


                         KNICHT'S CYCLQPAEDIA
                                                           OF

             T H E I N D U S T R Y OF A L L NATIONS.

    "THE INDUSTRY     O F A L L NATIONS"is a large subject. The material products of that Industry will require
for their exhibition a Building whose area will be computed by acres, with Galleries whose length will be
measured by miles. The People are anxiously looking for information upon this great theme. Thecuriosity
and the emulation of the vast army of Workers in these kingdoms is slirred into more than common activity
by the preparations for the approaching INDUSTRIAL    GATHERING  FROI A L L LANDS. We propose t o meet this
popular desire for information in a manner that may convey the results. without the ostentation of science, at
uprice within the means of all readers. We propose to publish AN INDUSTRIAL CYCLOPADIA, which will
form
              A HAND-BOOK T O THE EXHIBITION OF 1851,
A N D A PERMANENT DICTIONARY O F ARTS, MANUFACTURES, A N D COMMERCE.
    THIS DICTIONARY     OF ARTS A N D INDWSTRY        will occupy somewhat more than half of the proposed work;
and will, i t is confidently hoped, be C O M P L E T E D A S A VOLUME OF REFERENCE   BY THE OPENING OF THE
EXHIBITION OF 1851. The Dictionary will be followed by the publication of

   A WEEKLY PAPER ON SOME SUBJECT                                                   OF     INDUSTRY.
                                             TO     BE   PUBLISHED IN
       Sixty-four Wumbers at Twopence; and in Sixteen Parts, at Ninepence.
                        FORMING TWO VOLUMES, EXTENDING TO l500 PAGES.

              Number One, November 2, 1850. Part I., December 1, 1850.
                      L O N D O N : C H A R L E S K N I G H T , 90, FLEET S T R E E T ;
                              And sold by all Booksellers i n Town and Country.
