114           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

young woman, with a habit of snorting, who was servant to the family,
and informed me, before half-an-hour had expired, that she was " a
 Orfling," and came from St. Luke's workhouse, in the neighbourhood,
completed the establishment. My room was at the top of the house, at
the back : a close chamber ; stencilled all over with an ornament which my
young imagination represented as a blue muffin; and very scantily furnished.
    " I never thought," said Mrs. Micawber, when she came up, twin and
all, to show me the apartment, and sat down to take breath, "before
I was married, when I lived with papa and mama, that I should
ever find it necessary to take a lodger. But Mr. Micawber being in
difficulties, all considerations of private feeling must give way."
    I said : "Yes, ma'am."
    " Mr. Micawber's difficulties are almost overwhelming just at present,"
said Mrs. Micawber ; "and whether it is possible to bring him through
them, I don't know. When I lived at home with papa and mama, I
really should have hardly understood what the word meant, in the sense
in which I now employ it, but experientia does it-as papa used to say."
   I cannot satisfy myself whether she told me that Mr. Micawber had
been an officer in the Marines, or whether I have imagined it. I only know
that I believe to this hour that he was in the Marines once upon a time,
without knowing why. He was a sort of town traveller for a number of
miscellaneous houses, now ; but made little or nothing of it, I am afraid.
    "If Mr. Micawber's creditors will not give him time," said Mrs.
Micawber, " they must take the consequences ; and the sooner they bring
it to an issue the better. Blood cannot be obtained from a stone, neither can
anything on account be obtained at present (not to mention law expenses)
from Mr. Micawber."
    I never can quite understand whether my precocious self-dependence
confused Mrs. Micawber in reference to my age, or whether she was so full
of the subject that she would have talked about it to the very twins if
there had been nobody else to communicate with, but this was the strain
in which she began, and she went on accordingly all the time I knew her.
    Poor Mrs. Micawber ! She said she had tried to exert herself; and so,
I have no doubt, she had. The centre of the street-door was perfectly
covered with a great brass-plate, on which was engraved " Mrs. Micawber's
Boarding Establishment for Young Ladies :" but I never found that any
young lady had ever been to school there; or that any young lady
ever came, or proposed to come; or that the least preparation was
ever made to receive any young lady. The only visitors I ever saw or
heard of, were creditors. They used to come at all hours, and some of
them were quite ferocious. One dirty-faced man, I think he was a boot-
maker, used to edge himself into the passage as early as seven o'clock in
the morning, and call up the stairs to Mr. Micawber-'I Come ! You ain't
out yet, you know. Pay us, will you? Don't hide, you know; that's
mean. I wouldn't be mean if I was you. Pay us, will you? You just
pay us, d 'ye hear? Come ! " Receiving no answer to these taunts, he
would mount in his wrath to the words " swindlers " and "robbers ;" and
these being ineffectual too, would sometimes go to the extremity of crossing
the street, and roaring up at the windows of the second floor, where he
 knew Mr. Micawber was. At these times, Mr. Micawber would be trans-
 ported with grief and mortification, even to the length (as I was once
