318           THE PERSONAL HISTORY ANT) EXPERIENCE

come into !) and she ain't here, or I ain't theer, I shall put the candle in
the winder, and sit afore the fire, pretending I 'm expecting of her, like I 'm
a doing now. There's a babby for you," said Mr. Peggotty, with another
roar, "in the form of a Sea Porkypine ! Why, at the present minute,
when I see the candle sparkle up, I says to myself, ' She 's a looking at it !
Em'ly 's a coming ! ' There's a babby for you, in the form of a Sea
Porkypine ! Right for all that," said Mr. 'eggotty, stopping in his roar,
and smiting his hands together ; " fur here she is ! "
   I t was only Ham. The night should have turned more wet since I
came in, for he had a large sou'wester hat on, slouched over his face.
   " Where 's Em'ly? " said Mr. Peggotty.

   Ham made a motion with his head, as if she were outside. Mr. Peggotty
took the light from the window, trimmed it, put it on the table, and was
busily stirring the fire, when Ham, who had not moved, said :
   " Mas'r Davy, will you come out a minute, and see what Em'ly and me
has got to show you? "
   We went out. As I passed him at the door, I saw, to my astonishment
and fright, that he mas deadly pale. H e pushed me hastily into the open
air, and closed the door upon us. Only upon us two.
   " Ham ! what 's the matter !"
   " Mas'r Davy !-"       Oh, for his broken heart, how dreadfully he wept !
   I was paralyzed by the sight of such grief. I don't know what I
thought, or what I dreaded. I could only look at him.
   " Ham !     Poor good fellow ! For Heaven's sake tell me what's the
matter !JJ




   " My love, Mas'r Davy-the        pride and hope of my art-her     that I 'd
have died for, and would die for now-she 's gone ! "
   " Gone ? "

    " Em'ly 's run away !   Oh, Mas'r Davy, think how she's run away, when
I pray my good and gracious God to kill her (her that is so dear above all
things) sooner than let her come to ruin and disgrace ! "
   The face he turned up to the troubled sky, the quivering of his clasped
hands, the agony of his figure, remain associated with that lonely waste, in
my remembrance, to this hour. I t is always night there, and he is the
only object in the scene.
    "You 're a scholar," he said, hurriedly, " and know what 's right and
best. What am I to say, in-doors ? How am I ever to break it to him,
Mas'r Davy ? "
   I saw the door move, and instinctively tried to hold the latch on the
outside, to gain a moment's time. I t was too late. Mr. Peggotty thrust
forth his face; and never could I forget the change that came upon it
when he saw us. if I were to live five h~uldredvears.
    I remember a great wail and cry, and the women hanging about him,
and we all standing in the room ; I with a paper in my hand, which Ham
 had given me ; Mr. Peggotty, with his vest torn open, his hair wild, his
face and lips quite white, and blood trickling down his bosom (it had
 sprung from his mouth, I think), looking fixedly at me.
    " Read it, sir," he said, in a low shivering voice.     " Slow, please. I
 doen't know as I can understand."
