                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

place; that they knew its market-value at least as well as we did, in the
immediate s~rviceit would do them when they were expatriated ; in a word,
that it was a rotten, hollow, painfully-suggestive piece of business altogether.
We left them to their system and themselves, and went home wondering.
   " Perhaps it 'S a good thing, Traddles," said I, " to have an unsound
Hobby ridden hard ; for it 'S the sooner ridden to death."
   " I hope so," replied Traddles.




                            CRAPTER LXII.
                      A LIGHT SHINES ON M Y WAY.

   THEyear came round to Christmas-time, and I had been at home above
two months. I had seen Agnes frequently. However loud the general
voice might be i n giving me encouragement, and however fervent the
emotions and endeavours to which it roused me, I heard her lightest word
of praise as I heard nothing else.
   At least once a week, and sometimes oftener, I rode over there, and
passed the evening. I usually rode back a t night; for the old unhappy
sense was always hovering about me now-most sorrowfully when I left her
-and I was glad to be up and out, rather than wandering over the past
in weary wakefulriess or miserable dreams. I wore away the longest part
of many wild sad nights, in those rides; reviving, as I went, the thoughts
that had occupied me in my long absence.
   Or, if I were to say rather that I listened to the echoes of those thoughts,
I should better express the truth. They spoke to me from afar off. I
had put them at a distance, and accepted my inevitable place. When I
read to Agnes what I wrote ; when I saw her listening face ; moved her to
smiles or tears ; and heard her cordial voice so earnest on the shadowy
events of that imaginative world in which I lived; I thought what a fate
mine might have been-but only thought so, as I had thought after I was
married to Dora, what I could have wished my wife to be.
   My duty to Agnes, who loved me with a love, which, if I disquieted,
I wronged most selfishly and poorly, and could never restore; my matured
assurance that I, who had worked out my own destiny, and won what
I had impetuously set my heart on, had no right to murmur, and must
bear; comprised what I felt and what I had learned. But I loved her:
and now it even became some consolation to me, vaguely to conceive a distant
day when I might blamelessly avow it ; when all this should be over ; when
I could say " Agnes, so it was when I came home; and now I am old,
and I never have loved since ! "
   She did not once show me any change in herself. What she always had
been to me, she still was; wholly unaltered.
   Between my annt and me there had been something, in this connexion,
since the night of my return, which I cannot call a restraint, or an avoidance
of the subject, so much as an implied understanding that we thought of it
                                                                 RR
