4                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.


 The Completion of the Cheap Edition of the Works of
    MR, C H A R L E S D I C K E N S .
                      On the 9th Nouembn; will be published, in crown 8v0, price 3s. 6d.,

                         SKETCHES BY BOZ.
         WITH A FRONTISPIECE BY GEORGE CRUIKSHANK.

               LIST   OF THE WORKS I N THIS EDITION,      HANDSOMELY BOUND               IN CLOTH   AND GILT.

THE PICK WICK PAPERS. With a Frontispiece by C. R. LESLIE,R.A. Price 5.3.
NICHOLAS NICKLEBY.                   ,, T.WEBSTER,R.A. Price 5s.   $9


THE OLD CURIOSITY SHOP.      ,, ,, G. CATTERMOLE.Price 4s.
BARNABY RUDGE.               n        ,, H. K. BROWNE. Price 4s.
MARTIN CHUZZLEWIT.                   ,, FRANK        STONE. Price 5s.
                                                                   99


OLIVER TWIST.                                G.CRUIKSHANK.  Price 3s. 6d.
                                                                   39


AMERICAN NOTES.                      ,, C. STANFIELD.Price 2s. 6d. J)


SKETCHES BY BOZ.                     ,, G.CRUIKSHANR.       Price 3s.6d.
                                                                   9,


The above popular Works are uniformly printed in crown 8v0, corrected and revised throughout,
                            with New Prefaces by the Author.
                         LONDON :-CHAPMAN                 AND HALL, 186, STRAND.

     SECOND EDITION now ready, making the second issue in the Same Year,
                      THE BEAUTIFUL PLATE,
                                (DRAWN B Y HORACE MAYHEW, R.A.)
                        Due for the year 1850, to the Subscribers to the Art Union.
    '' This Plate should he on the sideboard of every Nobleman."        Evening Paper.
To Subscribers to the Art Union, the price will be as usual, ONE GUINEA;to Non-Subscriber?,
                    the price will be, for the encouragement of the Fine Arts,
                                       ONLY ONE SHILLING.
    PUNCHOIPICE, 85, FLEET
                         STREET.




       Barness Notes-Cobbin.
               THE WHOLE ARE NOW READY, EXCEPT VOL. II. OF ISAIAH.
      M E S S R S . PARTRIDGE & OAKEY thanlc the N u m e r o u s Subscribers to their Cheap Issue of
           Cohbin's Edition of HARNES, and announce t o the PUBLIC that for a short Time longer t h e
       S U B S C R I P T I O N L I S T W I L L C O N T I N U E OPEN.
         Attention is requested to the AUTHOR'S R E V I S E D E D I T I O f l o f I S A I A H , with New Transla-
      tion and Introduction: e d ~ t e dby Mr. Cobbin. 2 vols. 12m0, with Engravings (5sto Subscribers).
      T h i s W o r k forms a suitable P r e s e n t f o r Ministers, Bible Classes, Teachers, &c.
        Subscribers' Names, with Post-office Order, should b e sent immediately to Partridge & Oakey.
      Paternoster Row, or 70, Edgware Road (Hanhury & Co. Agents), of whom Prospectuses may b e had.

        TWELVE VOLS, FOR ONE GUINEA, GOSPELS, 3s. ISAIAH, 5s.
