50             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

used to it, and use is everything. I don't think it '11 hurt me, if I throw
my head back, and take it off quick. Shall I ? "
   I replied that he would much oblige me by drinking it, if he thought he
could do it safely, but by no means otherwise. When he did throw his
head back, and take it off quick, I had a horrible fear, I confess, of seeing
him meet the fate of the lamented Mr. Topsawyer, and fall lifeless on the
carpet. But it didn't hurt him. On the contrary, I thought he seemed
the fresher for it.
   " What have we got here ? " he said, putting a fork into my dish. " Not
chops ? "
   " Chops," I said.

   "Lord bless my soul ! " he exclaimed, "I didn't know they were chops.
Why, a chop's the very thing to take off the bad effects of that beer !
Ain't it lucky 2 "
   So he took a chop by the bone in one hand, and a potato in the other,
and ate away with a very good appetite, to my extreme satisfaction. H e
afterwards took another chop, and another potato ; and after that, another
chop and another potato. When we had done, he brought me a pudding,
and having set it before me, seemed to ruminate, and to become absent i n
his mind for some moments.
   "How's the pie? " he said, rousing himself.
   " It's a pudding," I made answer.
   "Pudding ! " he exclaimed. " Why, bless me, so it is ! What ! "
looking at it nearer. "You don't mean to say i t 's a batter-pudding ! "
   'I Yes, it is indeed."

   "Why, a batter-pudding," he said, taking up a table-spoon, ''$ my
favorite pudding! Ain't that lucky ? Come on, little 'un, and let s see
who 'll get most."
   The waiter certainly got most. H e entreated me more than once to
 come in and win, but what with his table-spoon to my tea-spoon, his
dispatch to my dispatch, and his appetite to my appetite, I was left far
behind at the first mouthful, and had no chance with him. I never saw
any one enjoy a pudding so much, I think; and he laughed, when it was
all gone, as if his enjoyment of it lasted still.
   Finding him so very friendly and companionable, it was then that I
asked for the pen and ink and paper, to write to Peggotty. He not only
brought it immediately, but was good enough to look over me while I
wrote the letter. When I had finished it, he asked me where I was going
to school.
   I said, "Near London," which was all I knew.
   " Oh, my eye !" he said, looking very low-spirited, " I am sorry for that."
   " Why ?" I asked him.
   " Oh, Lord ! " he said, shaking his head, " that's the school where they
broke the boy's ribs-two ribs-a little boy he was. I should say he
was-let me see-how old are you, about?"
   I told him between eight and nine.
   " That's just his age," he said. " H e was eight years and six months
old when they broke his first rib ; eight years and eight months old when
they broke his second, and did for him."
   I could not disguise from myself, or from the waiter, that this was an
