464           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

very telegraph of himself for the next half-hour (to the great disturbance
of my aunt's mind), to enjoin inviolable secresy on me.
    To my surprise I heard no more about it for some two or three weeks,
though I was sufficiently interested in the result of his endeavours;
 descrying a strange gleam of good sense-I say nothing of good feeling,
for that he always exhibited-in the conclusion to which he had come. At
last I began to believe, that, in the flighty and unsettled state of his mind,
he had either forgotten his intention or abandoned it.
    One fair evening, when Dora was not inclined to go out, my aunt and I
strolled up to the Doctor's cottage. I t was autumn, when there were no
debates to vex the evening air; and I remember how the leaves snielt
like our garden at Blunderstone as we trod them under foot, and how the
old, unhappy feeling, seemed to go by, on the sighing wind.
   I t was twilight when we reached the cottage. Mrs. Strong was just
coming out of the garden, where Mr. Dick yet lingered, busy with his
knife, helping the gardener to point some stakes. The Doctor was engaged
with some one in his study; but the visitor would be gone directly, Mrs.
Strong said, and begged us to remain and see him. We went into the
drawing-room with her, and sat down by the darkening window. There
was never any ceremony about the visits of such old friends and neighbours
as we were.
   We had not sat here many minutes, when Mrs. Markleham, who usually
contrived to be in a fuss about something, came bustling in, with her
newspaper in her hand, and said, out of breath, " My goodness gracious,
Annie, why didn't you tell me there was some one in the Study! "
    " My dear mama," she quietly returned, " how could I know that you
desired the information ! "
    "Desired the information ! " said Mrs. Markleham, sinking on the sofa.
 " I never had such a turn in all my life ! "
    " Have you been to the Study then, mama ? " asked Annie.

    " Bee32 to the Study, my dear ! " she returned emphatically.     " Indeed
I have ! I came upon the amiable creature-if you'll imagine my feelings,
Miss Trotwood and David-in the act of making his will."
   Her daughter looked round from the window quickly.
   " I n the act, my dear Annie," repeated Mrs. Marlileham, spreading the
newspaper on her lap lilie a table-cloth, and patting her hands upon it,
"of making his last Will and Testament. The foresight and affection
of the dear! I must tell you how it was. I really must, in justice to the
darling-for heis nothing less !-tell you how it was. Perhaps you know,
Miss Trotwood, that there is never a candle lighted in this house, until
one's eyes are literally falling out of one's head with being stretched to
read the paper. And that there is not a chair in this house, in which a
paper can be what I call, read, except one in the Study. This took me
to the Study, where I saw a light. I opened the door. I n company with
the dear Doctor were two professional people, evidently connected with
the law, and they were all three standing at the table : the darling Doctor
penin hand. ' This simply expresses then,' said the Doctor-Annie, my
love, attend to the very words-'this simply expresses then, gentlemen,
the confidence I have in Mrs. Strong, and gives her all unconditionally ? '
One of the professional people replied, And gives her all unconditionally.'
