                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

chaise that was carrying Mr. Quinion to the London coach at Yarmouth!
See, how our house and church are lessening in the distance; how the
grave beneath the tree is blotted out by intervening objects; how the
spire points upward from my old playground no more, and the sky is
empty !




                             CHAPTER XI.

   I KNOW enough of the world now, to have almost lost the capacity of
being much surprised by anything ; but it is matter of some surprise to me,
 even now, that I can have been so easily thrown away at such an age.
A child of excellent abilities, and with strong powers of observation,
 quick, eager, delicate, and soon hurt bodily or mentally, it seems wonder-
ful to me that nobody should have made any sign in my behalf. But
none was made ; and I became, at ten years old, a little labouring hind
in the service of Murdstone and Grinby.
   Murdstone and Grinby's warehouse was at the water side. I t was
 down in Blackfriars. Modern improvements have altered the place ; but
it was the last house at the bottom of a narrow street, curving down hill
to the river, with some stairs at the end, where people took boat. I t was
a crazy old house with a wharf of its own, abutting on the water when
the tide was in, and on the mud when the tide was out, and literally over-
run with rats. Its panelled rooms, discolored with the dirt and smoke
of a hundred years, I dare say; its decaying floors and staircase; the
squeaking and scuffling of the old grey rats down in the cellars ; and the
dirt and rottenness of the place ; are things, not of many years ago, in my
mind, but of the present instant. They are all before me, just as they
were in the evil hour when I went among them for the first time, with
my trembling hand in Mr. Quinion's.
   Murdstone and Grinby's trade was among a good many kinds of people,
but an important branch of it was the supply of wines and spirits to
certain packet ships. I forget now where they chiefly went, but I think
there were some among them that made voyages both to the East and
West Indies. I know that a great many empty bottles were one of the
consequences of this traffic, and that certain men and boys were employed
to examine them against the light, and reject those that were flawed, and
to rinse and wash them. When the empty bottles ran short, there were
labels to be pasted on full ones, or corks to be fitted to them, or seals to
be put upon the corks, or finished bottles to be packed in casks. All this
work was my work, and of the boys employed upon it I was one.
   There were three or four of us, counting me. My working place was
established in a corner of the warehouse, where Mr. Quinion could see
me, when he chose to stand up on the bottom rail of his stool in the
counting-house, and look at me through a window above the desk.
