                        OX DAVID COPPE RFIELD.                          343
evening came on; and we had tea, with a kettle boiling gipsy-fashion ; and
I was still as happy as ever.
   I was happier than ever when the party broke up, and the other people,
defeated Red Whisker and all, went their several ways, and we went ours
through the still evening and the dying light, with sweet scents rising
up around us. Mr. Spenlow being a little drowsy after the champagne-
honour to the soil that grew the grape, to the grape that made the wine,
to the sun that ripened it, and to the merchant who adulterated it !-and
being fast asleep in a corner of the carriage, I rode by the side, and talked
to Dora. She admired my horse and patted him-oh, what a dear little
hand it looked upon a horse !-and her shawl would not keep right, and
now and then I drew it round her with my arm ; and I even fancied that
Jip began to see how it was, and to understand that he must make up his
mind to be friends with me.
   That sagacious Miss Mills, too ; that amiable, though quite used up,
recluse ; that little patriarch of something less than twenty, who had done
with the world, and mustn't on any account have the slumbering echoes
in the caverns of Memory awakened ; what a kind thing she did !
    " Mr. Copperfield," said Miss Mills, "come to this side of the carriage
a moment-if you can spare a moment. I want to speak to you."
   Behold me, on my gallant grey, bending at the side of Miss Mills, with
my hand upon the carriage-door !
    " Dora is coming to stay with me.      She is coming home with me the
day after to-morrow. If you would like to call, I am sure papa would be
happy to see you."
   What could I do but invoke a silent blessing on Miss Mills's head, and
store Miss Mills's address in the securest corner of my memory ! What
could I do but tell Miss Mills, with grateful looks and fervent words, how
much I appreciated her good offices, and what an inestimable value I set
upon her friendship !
   Then Miss Mills benignantly dismissed me, saying, "Go back to Dora! "
and I went; and Dora leaned out of the carriage to talk to me, and
we talked all the rest of the way ; and I rode my gallant grey so close to
the wheel that I grazed his near fore leg against it, and "took the bark
off," as his owner told me, to the tune of three pun' sivin "-which I
paid, and thought extremely cheap for so much joy. What time Miss
Mills sat looking at the moon, murmuring verses and recalling, I suppose,
the ancient days when she and earth had anything in common.
   Norwood was many miles too near, and we reached it many hours too
soon; but Mr. Spenlow came to himself a little short of it, and said,
"You must come in, Copperfield, and rest ! " and I consenting, we had
sandwiches and wine-and-water. I n the light room, Dora blushing looked
so lovely, that I could not tear myself away, but sat there staring, in a
dream, until the snoring of Mr. Spenlow inspired me with sufficient con-
sciousness to take my leave. So we parted; I riding all the way to
London with the farewell touch of Dora's hand still light on mine, recalling
every incident and word ten thousand times; lying down in my own bed
at last, as enraptured a young noodle as ever was carried out of his five
wits by love.
   When I awoke next morning, I was resolute to declare my passion
