                                                   ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                                 3

       A CERTAIN AND SPEEDY CURE FOR
         Coughs'
 Influenza'                                     Asthma'               BEAPJTY.-The
                                                                                .
                                                                              primrose
                                                                                                     thorn that veils the
                                                                                        from o u r view is n o t more invidious
                                                                     i n Nature t h a n superfluous Hair o n t h e Face, Neck,
         INCIPIENT CONSUMPTIONS,                                     a n d Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
    And all Disorders of t h e Chest a n d Lungs.                    DER is t h e m o s t certain and elegant preparatioufor
                                            -                        i t s removal-the genuine i s perfectly innocent, is e a s y
s P E N c R,                         u L M 0 N IC                    a n d pleasant t o use, and has been signed " G. H.
                                                                     HOGARD " f o r t h e last 40 years. Sold for t h e pro-
                                                                     prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street.
                    ELIXIR,                                          Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, i n
         CAREFULLY PREPARED FROM THE RECIPE                          packets, price 4s. ~ o u b l editto, 7s., or b y post, free
OF T H E LATE C.      S P E N C E RS,U a O E O N , kc,, SALFORD,
                        MANCHESTEE:                                  for 50 o r 88 Postage stamps.
         DESERVEDLY CELEBRATED AS THE MOST
   SUCCESSFUL PRACTITIONER I N ALL PULMONARY
                          AFFECTIONS.                                 For Purifying the Blood and Strength-
   Persons desirous of testing t h e efficacy of this                      ening the Digestive Organs.
medicine, must observe that on each bottle are t h e
words "SPENCER'S PULMONIC ELIXIR,"and t h a t
each wrapper has a fac-simile of t h e Proprietors'
signature. "T. ROBERTS & Co."
                                                                      F  RENCH'S SARSAPARILIiA AND
                                                                             CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of
                                                                     these well known valuable Medicines. I t i s suited
   Prepared only by T. ROBERTS             & CO., Crane.court,       for either sex, a n d will prove a certain c u r e for Indi-
Fleet-street, London. I n Bottles a t Is. lad. and                    gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
28.9d. each.                                                         Fits Wasting of t h e Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases
   *,* The Bottlesat 2s. gd. contain nearly three small.             ~ h & r n a t i cand Nervous Affections, and all ~ m n u r i t i e g
                                                                     of Blood caused bv unhealthvclimates. too sefientarv
   Sold bv all medicine vendors in Town and Country.
~ h o l e s i l e London Agents -Messrs. Barclay a n d               a life, dissipalion,alld other Eauses, ~ o w c v e &  r h ~ l ~
Sons, Farringdon-street ; Edwards, St. Paul's Church-                tated t h e system, 3r deep-rooted t h e disease, by the
y a r d ; Sutton and Co., Bow Churchyard; Sanger,                    diligent use o f t l ~ l bpurifying Medicine t h e energies
151, Oxford-street; a n d H a n n a y and Co., Oxford-st.            of t h e whole nervous system will be augmented, a
 ---                                                                 more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
                                                                     produced, and feebleness, a n d a l l t h e deplorable
 D ALSAM COPAIBA. and all other                                      symptoms of disease will vanish, and s t r e n g t h a n d
 0 Medicjnes of a nauseous lharaeter, may now                        health he restored t o t h e feeble and afflicted by i t s
he taken w~thout inconvenience by means of the                       restorative properties.-Prepared           only by W. A.
 P A T E N T FLEXIBLE CAPSULE'S.      These Capsules                 FRENCH,309, Holborn, t w o doors west of Chancery.
wzll be found superior to those made with Gelatine.                  lane. P n c e 2s. gd., 4s. 6d., 11s- a n d 22s.
They remain entire until they have passed through the
stomach into the intestines. and the medicine being
efficiently brought i n contact with the organs it is
intended to affect, the usual nausea and unpleasant                   W H E TOILET of BEAUTY fur-
eructations are avoided. E V A N S& LEscama, London                   l ~ ~ i s hicni~ ~ u r n r r a lylo,fs
                                                                                                      ~lr    uf tllc hibrh ertima-
Patentees; and all Medicine Vendvrs throughout t h l                  (loll in which GOWLAND'S LOTION 1s lrcld by t h e
kinadom.                                                              mo-t distitignisl~edy~~sses~orsofhr~l.~antco~nplex~nns.
   *;* The recent discovery t h a t t h e l o w priced                This elegant preparation comprehends t h e preserva-
Gelatine Capsules contain a compound of train and                     tion of t h e complexion, both from t h e effects of cuta-
other oils, and i n many cases no Copaiba whatever                    neous malady aod t h e operation of variable tempera-
renders i t important that the public should he mad;                  ture.-"Robert         Sbaw, London," i s i n white letters
aware t h a t the PATENT FLEXIBLE CAPSULES are                        o n - t h e Government stamp of t h e genuine. Prices
guaranteed to contain genuine Covaiba onlu.                           2s. gd. a n d 5s. 6 d . ; quarts, 8s. 6 d .




 T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
  The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything yet
produced, that the Manufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and t h e
Connoisseur, that one may he convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, a t the establishment of the
Sole Inventor, F. Browne, 47, FENCHURCH-ST.




                                                                                         i
     F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE O F MEASURING T H E HEAD.
  Round the head in the manner of a fillet, leaving, As dotted             Inches. Eighths.
the Ears loose ...................................................
  From the Forehead over to the poll, as deep each
                                                        -I.        1 to 1.

                                                                  As dotted
                                                                               --
                                     .
way as required ..........................    .
                                              .
                                              .......              2 to z .
                                                                               --
 -
  From one Temple to the other, across the rise o r As marked
Crown
-     of the head to where the Hair grows ............ 3 to 3.I
           T H E C H A R G E FOR T H I S U N I Q U E H E A D O F H A I R , O N L Y &1 10s.
