NEW WORK by the Author of                          "   FRANK FAIRLEGH."
                  I L L U S T R A T E D B Y H A B L O T K. B R O W N E .



     On the 1st of December will be Published, (to be continued Monthly,) with Two
             ILLUSTRATI~NS, by H. K. BROWSE,(PHIz,) Part I. price 1s. of




                  THE RAILROAD OF LIFE.


          BY THE AUTHOR OF "FRANK FAIRLEGH."

                              DIRECTORS' REPORT.
   INthrowing open to the Public the " RAILROADOF LIFE," the head Director (who
 unites in his own persoil the offices of Chairman, Secretary, Engineer, Contractor, Station-
master, Engine-driver, Stoker, Poker-in short, every thing except Book-keeper) craves
permission to report a few of the difficulties he has had to overcome, to account for the
line he has chosen, and to set forth the present prospects of the undertaking.
   The journey from the cradle to the grave is, proverbially, a very up-hill affair. I n the
old coaching days, a certain tip-top dragsman, who knew more of the road, and handled the
ribbons in better style than any brother of the craft with whom your Director is acquainted,
-one Will Shakspeare, known (probably from the name of some public-house which he
frequented) by the sodripuet of "The Swan of Avon," was accustomed to divide the
journey into seven stages. I n regard to the first two of these, your Directol; deeming them
a bore, thought fit to get through them by means of a tunnel; you are, therefore, kept in
the dark till the third stage commences. This, known as Love Lane, or the Course of True
Love, presented immense difficulties; for, in the memory of man, it "never did run smooth,"
and even the "ironing " and " mangling" necessary to the formation of a railroad, have failed
to reduce every rough place. For the exact method in which each difficulty has been met,
your Director begs to recommend AN EARLY INSPECTION OF THE WORK ITSELF, which, he
confidently trusts, will not disappoint your expectations. The latter stages, presenting
fewer points of interest, are passed over as quickly as possible; and the scene at the
Terminus being of a decidedly "grave" character, that part of the "uiidertaking" has been
left chiefly to the imagination.
   I n regard to the particular line which he has chosen, your Director has been actuated by
a desire to reach the proposed end as swiftly and easily as possible, hoping by a judicious
management of the principal (ple?) intrusted to him, to secure the greatest amount of
interest for the Subscribers.
   To conclude, your Director has much pleasure in informing you, that he considers the
prospects of the "RAILROAD       OF LIFE" most encouraging : every one must, in the course of
their existence, take the journey ; and if every one takes it, the Railroad must answer.
   The Capital (Contents and Illustrations) is in at least 30,000 Shares of 1s. each; and
 for all further particulars, your Director begs to refer you to

     LEWBS 8RUMDEL: OR, THE RR9LRORD @F LWB,
                  A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER ROW.
                                             156
