 568             THE PEBSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     " Look here! " she said, striking the s c u again, with a relentless

  hand. "When he grew into the better understanding of what lie had
  done, he saw it, and repented of it ! I could sing to him, and talk to him,
  and show the ardor that I felt in all he did, and attain with labor to such
  knowledge as most interested him ; and I attracted him. When he was
 freshest and truest, he loved me. Yes, he did ! Many a time, when you
 were put off with a slight word, he has taken Me to his heart ! "
     She said it with a taunting pride in the midst of her frenzy-for it was
 little less-yet with an eager remembrance of it, in which the smouldering
 embers of a gentler feeling kindled for the moment.
     " I descended-as     I might have known I should, but that he fascinated
 me with his boyish courtship--into a doll, a trifle for the occupation of an
 idle hour, to be dropped, and taken up, and trifled with, as the incon-
 stant humour took him. When he grew weary, I grew weary. As his
 fancy died out, I would no more have tried to strengthen any power I had,
 than I would have married him on his being forced to take me for liis wife.
 We fell away from one another without a word. Perhaps you saw it,
 and were not sorry. Since then, I have been a mere disfigured piece of
 furniture between yon both; having no eyes, no ears, no feelings, no
 remembrances. Moan ? Moan for what you made him ; not for your love.
 I tell you that the time was, when I loved him better than yon ever did ! "
    She stood with her bright angry eyes confronting the wide stare, and
the set face ; and softened no more, when the moaning was repeated, than
if the face had been a picture.
    " Miss Dartle," said I, " if you can be so obdurate as not to feel for
this afflicted m o t h e r "
    " Who feels for me? " she sharply retorted. " She has sown this.
 Let her moan for the harvest that she reaps to-day ! "
    "And if his faults -"         I began.
    "Faults ! " she cried, bursting into passionate tears. " Who dares
malign him? He had a soul worth millions of the friends to whom he
stooped ! ''
    " No one can have loved him better, no one can hold him in dearer
remembrance, than I," I replied. " I meant to say, if you have no compas-
sion for his mother; or if his faults-you have been bitter on them -"
    " I t 'S false," she cried, tearing her black hair ; " I loved hiin ! "

    " - cannot," I went on, " be banished from your remembrance, in such

an hour; look at that figure, even as one you have never seen before,
and render it some help ! "
    All this time, the figure was unchanged, and looked unchangeable.
Motionless, rigid, staring; moaning in the same dumb way from time to
time, with the same helpless motion of the head; but giving no other
sign of life. Miss Dastle suddenly kneeled down before it, and began to
loosen the dress.
    " il curse upon you ! " she said, looking round at me, with a mingled
expression of rage and grief.         I t was in an evil hour that you ever came
here ! A curse upon you ! Go ! "
    After passing out of the room, I hurried back to ring the bell, the sooner
to alarm the servants. She had then taken the impassive figure in her
arms, and, still upon her knees, was weeping over it, kissing it, calling to
