                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

I shook my head, and said I thought not. "Then come up," said the
carrier to the lazy horse ; who came up accordingly.
   Having by this time cried as much as I possibly could, I began to think
it was of no use crying any more, especially as neither Roderick Random,
nor that Captain in the Royal British Navy, had ever cried, that I could
remember, in trying situations. The carrier, seeing me in this resolution,
proposed that my pocket-handkerchief should be spread upon the horse's
back to dry. I thanked him, and assented; and particularly small it
looked, under those circumstances.
   I had now leisure to examine the purse. I t was a stiff leather
purse, with a snap, and had three bright shillings in it, which Peggotty
had evidently polished up with whitening, for my greater delight. But
its most precious contents were two half-crowns folded together in a bit of
paper, on which was written, in my mother's hand, "For Davy. With my
love." I was so overcome by this, that I asked the carrier to be so good
as reach me my pocket-handkerchief again ; but he said he thought I had
better do without it ; and I thought I really had ; so I wiped my eyes
on my sleeve and stopped myself.
   For good, too ; though, in consequence of my previous emotions, I was
still occasionally seized with a stormy sob. After we had jogged on for
some little time, I asked the carrier if he was going all the way.
   " All the way where ? " enquired the carrier.
   "There," I said.
   "Where 's there ? " enquired the carrier.
   " Near London ? " I said.
   "Why that horse," said the carrier, jerking the rein to point him out,
"would be deader than pork afore he got over half the ground."
   " Are you only going to Yarmouth then ? " I asked.

   " That's about it, " said the carrier. " And there I shall take you to
the stage-cutch, and the stage-cutch that 1' 1 take you to-wherever it is. "
   As this was a great deal for the carrier (whose name was Mr. Barkis)
to say-he     being, as I observed in a former chapter, of a phlegmatic
temperament, and not at all conversational-I offered him a cake as a
mark of attention, which he ate at one gulp, exactly like an elephant, and
which made no more impression on his big face than it would have done
on an elephant's.
   " Did she make 'em, now ? " said Xlr. Barkis, always leaning forward,

in his slouching way, on the footboard of the cart with an arm on each
knee.
   " Peggotty, do you mean, sir ? "
    " Ah ! " said Mr. Barkis.      Her. "
    " Yes.   She makes all our pastry, and does all our cooking. "
    " Do she though? " said Mr. Barkis.
   H e made up his mouth as if to whistle, but he didn't whistle. H e sat
looking at the horse's ears, as if he saw something new there ;and sat so,
for a considerable time. By-and-by, he said :
   " NO sweethearts, I b'lieve ? "
   " Sweetmeats did you say, Mr. Barkis? " For I thought he wanted
something else to eat, and had pointedly alluded to that description of
refreshment.
