                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           203
man, dressed with a tasteful easy negligence which I have reason to remem-
ber very well, became a real presence to me. But I recollect being
conscious of his company without having noticed his coming in-and my
still sitting, musing, over the coffee-room fire.
   At last I rose to go to bed, much to the relief of the sleepy waiter, who
had got the fidgets in his legs, and was twisting them, and hitting
them, and putting them through all kinds of contortions in his small
pantry. I n going towards the door, I passed the person who had come
in, and saw him plainly. I turned directly, came back, and looked again.
He did not know me, but I knew him in a moment.
   At another time I might have wanted the confidence or the decision to
speak to him, and might have put it off until next day, and might have
lost him. But, in the then condition of my mind, where the play was still
running high, his former protection of me appeared so deserving of my
gratitude, and my old love for him overflowed my breast so freshly and
spontaneously, that I went up to him at once, with a fast-beating heart,
and said :
    " Steerforth ! won't you speak to me ? "

    He looked at me-just as he used to look, sometimes-but I saw no
recognition in his face.
    " You don't remember me, I am afraid," said I.
    " My God ! " he suddenly exclaimed. " I t 's little Copperfield ! "
    I grasped him by both hands, and could not let them go. But for very
 shame, and the fear that it might displease him, I could have held him
round the neck and cried.
    " I never, never, never was so glad ! My dear Steerforth, I am so
 overjoyed to see you!"
     " And I am rejoiced to see you, too ! " he said, shaking my hands
 heartily. " Why, Copperfield, old boy, don't be overpowered ! " And yet
 he was glad, too, I thought, to see how the delight I had in meeting him
 affected me.
    I brushed away the tears that my utmost resolution had not been able
to keep back, and I made a clumsy laugh of it, and we sat down together,
side by side.
    "Why, how do you come to be here ? " said Steerforth, clapping me on
the shoulder.
    "I came here by the Canterbury coach, to-day. I have been adopted
by an aunt down in that part of the country, and have just finished my
education there. How do yozc come to be here, Steerforth ? "
    " Well, I am what they call an Oxford man," he returned ; "that is to
say, I get bored to death down there, periodically-and I am on my way
now to my mother's. You 're a devilish amiable-looking fellow, Copper-
field. Just what you used to be, now I look at you! Not altered in the
least ! "
    "I knew you immediately," I said; "but you are more easily
remembered."
   He laughed as he ran his hand through the clustering curls of his hair,
and said gaily :
    "Yes, I am on an expedition of duty. My mother lives a little way
out of town; and the roads being in a beastly condition, and our house
