330           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

much as possible, I wrote to her that night. I told her as mildly as I
could what his wrong was, and what my own share in his injury. I said
he was a man in very common life, but of a most gentle and upright
character; and that I ventured to express a hope that she would not
refuse to see him in his heavy trouble. I mentioned two o'clock in the
afternoon as the hour of our coming, and I sent the letter myself by the
first coach in the morning.
   At the appointed time, we stood at the door-the door of that house
where I had been, a few days since, so happy : where my youthful
confidence and warmth of heart had been yielded up so freely:
which was closed against me henceforth : which was now a waste,
a ruin.
   No Littimer appeared. The pleasanter face which had replaced his, on
the occasion of my last visit, answered to our summons, and went before
us to the drawing-room. Mrs. Steerforth was sitting there. Rosa Dartle
glided, as we went in, from another part of the room, and stood behind
her chair.
   I saw, directly, in his mother's face, that she knew from himself what
he had done. It was very pale; and bore the traces of deeper emotion
than my letter alone, weakened by the doubts her fondness would have
raised upon it, would have been likely to create. I thought her more
like him than ever I had thought her; and I felt, rather than saw, that
the resemblance was not lost on my companion.
    She sat upright in her arm-chair, with a stately, immoveable, passionless
air, that it seemed as if nothing could disturb. She looked very stedFdstly
at Mr. Peggotty when he stood before her ; and he looked, quite as
stedfastly, at her. Rosa Dartle's keen glance comprehended all of us.
For some moments not a word was spoken.
    She motioned to Mr. Peggotty to be seated. He said, in a low voice,
" I shouldn't feel it nat'ral, ma'am, to sit down in this house. I ' d sooner
stand."      And this was succeeded by another silence, which she broke
thus :
    " I know, with deep regret, what has brought you here.          What do
you want of me? What do you ask me to d o ? "
    He put his hat under his arm, and feeling in his breast for Emily's
letter, took it out, unfolded it, and gave it to her.
    " Please to read that, ma'am. That's my niece's hand ! "
    She read it, in the same stately and impassive way,-untouched by its
contents, as far as I could see,-and returned it to him.
    " ' Unless he brings me back a lady,' " said Mr. Peggotty, tracing out
that part with his finger. " I come to know, ma'am, whether he will
keep his mured? "
   '$ No," she returned.
    " Why not ? " said Mr. Peggotty.
    " I t is impossible. He would disgrace himself. You cannot fail to
 know that she is far below him."
    " Raise her up ! " said Mr. Peggotty.

    " She is uneducated and ignorant."
    "Maybe she 's not; maybe she is," said Mr. Peggotty. "I think
 not, ma'am ; but I 'm no judge of them things. Teach her better ! "
