                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                      6


    Illustrated Works for Christmas Presents.




                                           I n small avo, price 3s. 6d.,

        THE EN   C H A N T E D DOLL.
             Fl #airg CaTe far BittTe #eDpTe.
                                            By MARK LEMON.
                     WITH NUMEROUS ILLUSTRATIONS BY RICHARD DOYLE.
   "This book is pretty in every sense of the word. I t is a well.conducted legend, and one which children will
like to hear many times."-Atheneum.
                                   -
                                   .             --
                                                -.


          In One volwnze, small     8v0,   price 7s., wit7~Ten Illustrations m Steel by the Author,
                      THE HISTORY OF SAMUEL TITMARSH
                                                         AND


    THE GREAT HOGGARTY DIAMOND.
                               BY W. M. THACKERAY,                             EsQ.,
                                           Author of I' Vanity Fair," &c.
   ' I t may not be so caustic as 'Vanity Fair.' or so funny as ' Pendennis,' but it is nevertheless one of the most
perfect of Mr. Thackeray's prose productions."- Observer.

                          I n Two Vokmes, handsomely bound i+z cloth, pice 213.
                                  ILLUSTRATED BY JOHN LEECH.
W I T H TWO HUNDRED WOODCUTS, AND TWENTY LARGE COLOURED STEEL ENGRAVINGS.

  THE COMIC HISTORY OF ENGLAND.
                          BY GILBERT A. S BECKETT, EsQ.,
                                     Author of the    " Comic Blackstone," &c.

I n an Illwtrated Cover, containing Twelve Prints, price 10s. 6d., or 1s. each, separately. Forming a
                   handsome and amusing Volumefor the Drawing-room Table.

             THE RISING GENERATION.
                                           BY JOHN LEECH.
          A SERIES OF DRAWINGS ON S T O N E , BEAUTIFULLY COLOURED.
  "John Leech is the English Gavarnij and if others surpasshim in fancy, noone approaches him in genteel
comedy. His pictures are bits of life."-Morning Chronicle.
                              BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.
