             THE   PERSONAL HISTORY        AND EXPERIENCE

discovered, in these happier circumstances, Mr. Mell, formerly poor
pinched usher to my Middlesex magistrate, when Mr. Peggotty pointing
to another part of the paper, my eyes rested on my own name, and I read
thus :
            "   TO DAVID COPPERFIELD, ESQUIRE,
                        " THE   EMINENT AUTHOR.
  " MY DEAR SIR,
           "Tears have elapsed, since I had an opportunity of ocularly
perusing the lineaments, now familiar to the imaginations of a consider-
able portion of the civilised world.
   "But, my dear sir, though estranged (by the force of circumstances
over which I have had no controul) from the personal society of the
friend and companion of my youth, I have not been unmindful of his
soaring flight. Nor have I been debarred,
                   Though seas between us braid ha' roared,
(BURNS)from participating in the intellectual feasts he has spread
before us.
   " I cannot, therefore, allow of the departure from this place of an
individual whom we mutually respect and esteem, without, my dear sir,
taking this public opportunity of thanking you, on my own behalf, and,
I may undertake to add, on that of the whole of the Inhabitants of
Port Middlebay, for the gratification of which you are the ministering
agent.
    " Go on, my dear sir!      You are not unknown here, you are not
unappreciated. Though ' remote,' we are neither c unfriended,' ' melan-
choly,' nor (I may add) 'slow.' Go on, my dear sir, in your Eagle
course ! The Inhabitants of Port Middlebay may at least aspire to watch
it, with delight, with entertainment, with instruction !
    "Among the eyes elevated towards you from this portion of the globe,
will ever be found, while it has light and life,
                           "The
                                " Eye
                                      " Appertaining to
                                                   'c WILICINSMICAWBER,
                                                          'l Nagistrate."



   I found, on glancing at the remaining contents of the newspaper, that
Mr. hficawber was a diligent and esteemed correspondent of that Journal.
There was another letter from him in the same paper, touching a bridge ;
there was an advertisement of a collection OF similar letters by him, to be
shortly republished, in a neat volume, " with considerable additions ;"
and, unless I am very much mistaken, the Leading Article was his also.
   We talked much of Mr. Micaurber, on many other evenings while &IT,
Peggotty remained with us. He lived with us during the whole term of
his stay,-which, I think, was something less than a month,-and his
sister and my aunt came to London to see him. Agnes and I parted
from him aboardship, when he sailed; and we shall never part from him
more, on earth.
