                      C. COX, 12, KING WILLIAM STREET, STRAND.                                       11




                   THE BEST EDITION OF SHAKSPERE IN ONE VOLUME.
                            Price 13s., cloth, or i n Twelve Shilling Parts,

           T H E WORKS OF W I L L I A M SHAKSPERE;
Containing HIS PLAYSAND POEMS,       from the Text of the Editions by CHARLE~
                                                                            KNIGHT;with
Explanatory Notes and Facts connected with his Life and Writings, abridged from ' William
Shakspere, a Biography.' Illustrated by W. HARVEY.
                                                 -0-



                                MUSEUM OF ANIMATED NATURE.
  With 4000 Woodcuts, in Twenty-Seven Shilling parts, or 34s. 6d., in 2 handsome volumes, cloth,
       T H E PICTORIAL MUSEUM OF ANIMATED NATURE.
   The reader, at the very smallest price, is put in possession of, by far, the most extensive collection
that has ever been produced of pictorial representations of all the important quadrupeds, birds,
fishes, reptiles, and insects which fill the earth; with a corresponding description of the animal,
its structure, its habits, its localities, its use; not given in a dry and repulsive form, hut with that
simplicity which may furnish just conceptions to all, but especially to the young, of the wonders
and beauties of God's creation.
                                                -.-
                                         GALLERY OF ARTS.
                   With about 4000 Engravings, in Twenty-Seven Shilling Parts,
                           or 11. 14s. 6d. in 2 handsome volumes, cloth,
             T H E P I C T O R I A L G A L L E R Y O F ARTS.
                             Vol. I., USEFULARTS; Vo1. II., FINEARTS.
    ' The great purpose which is to be kept in mind, in this and similar works which teach by
pictures as well as words, is the expansion of the intellect of all who see and read. What,;ur
g L PICTORIAL MUSEUM  " is to the world of " ANIMATED   NATURE   " our '' PICTORIAL   GALLERY is
to the world of "ART." The "Museum" exhibits the great Author of Good displaying His
power and wisdom in the creation of the wonderful varieties of life with which the earth is
filled, all His creatures accomplishing the purposes of their being in harmony with the great
scheme of His Providence. The "Gallery" exhibits the same benevolent teacher of Man leading
him forward from the humblest exercise of his faculties to the most complete development of his
intellectual powers; and, through the agency of these powers, enabling him L'to subdue the
earth," and elevate himself in the scale of being, by the aid of the accumulated knowledge of
society, heaped up for him by the experience of many generations. The one work is a sequel
to the other. Each has especial reference to the instruction of the people, particularly the young.'
- Original Prospectus.
                                                -.-
                                    PICTORIAL SUNDAY-BOOK.
With 1500 Woodcuts and 13 Coloured Maps, forming a SCRIPTURE ATLAS ; price 20s. in Parts,
                                 or in handsome cloth, 24s.,
                   T H E P I C T O R I A L SUNDAY-BOOK.
                             By J. KITTO,Editor of the Pictorial Bible.
   The publication now submitted to Christian families is intended to present, at the very cheapest
rate, a series of engravings illustrative of the Bible History, the Prophecies, the Psalms, the Life
of Our Saviour, and the Acts of his Apostles ; exhibiting the Scenes of the great Events recorded
in Scripture, the Customs of the Jews, the Natural History of the Holy Land, and the Antiquities
which throw a light upon the Sacred Writings, with a body of Scriptural Narrative and Expla-
nation, continuing from number to number ; each number forming, as it is judged, afitting portion
for a Sunday's leisure.
     T H E SCRIPTURE ATLAS, with the Geography of the Holy Land, is sold separately.
                           Price 7s. sewed, or 9s. cloth.
