                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                              261
 had been papa's enemy, instead of his loving child. For I know how he
  has altered, in his devotion to me. I know how he has narrowed the
  circle of his sympathies and duties, in the concentration of his whole
  mind upon me. I know what a multitude of things he has shut out
  for my sake, and how his anxious thoughts of me have shadowed his life,
  and weakened his strength and energy, by turning them always upon one
  idea. If I could ever set this right ! If I could ever work out his restoration,
  as I have so innocently been the cause of his decline ! "
     I had never before seen Agnes cry. I had seen tears in her eyes when
  I had brought new honours home from school, and I had seen them there
  when we last spoke about her father, and I had seen her turn her gentle
 head aside when we took leave of one another ; but I had never seen
 her grieve like this. I t made me so sorry that I could only say, in a
 foolish, helpless manner, " Pray, Agnes, don't ! Don't, my dear sister ! '
     But Agnes was too superior to me in character and purpose, as I know
 well now, whatever I might know or not know then, to be long in need
 of my entreaties. The beautiful, calm manner, which makes her so different
 in my remembrance from everybody else, came back again, as if a cloud
 had passed from a serene sky.
    "We are not likely to remain alone much longer," said Agnes, "and
 while I have an opportunity, let me earnestly entreat yon, Trotwood, to
 be friendly to Uriah. Don't repel him. Don't resent (as I think you
have a general disposition to do) what may be uncongenial to you in him.
 He may not deserve it, for we know no certain ill of him. I n any case,
think first of papa and me ! "
    Agnes had no time to say more, for the room-door opened, and Mrs.
Waterbrook, who was a large lady-or who wore a large dress : I don't
exactly know which, for I don't know which was dress and which was
lady-came sailing in. I had a dim recollection of having seen her at the
theatre, as if I had seen her in a pale magic lantern; but she appeared to
remember me perfectly, and still to suspect me of being in a state of
intoxication.
    Finding by degrees, however, that I was sober, and (I hope) that
I was a modest young gentleman, Mrs. Waterbrook softened towards
me considerably, and inquired, firstly, if I went much into the parks, and
secondly, if I went much into society. On my replying to both these
questions in the negative, it occurred to me that I fell again in her
good opinion; but she concealed the fact gracefully, and invited me to
dinner next day. I accepted the invitation, and took my leave; making
a call on Uriah in the office as I went out, and leaving a card for him in
his absence.
    When I went to dinner next day, and, on the street-door being
opened, plunged into a vapour-bath of haunch of mutton, I divined that
I was not the only guest; for I immediately identified the ticket-porter
in disguise, assisting the family servant, and waiting at the foot of the
stairs to carry up my name. H e looked, to the best of his ability, when
he asked me for it confidentially, as if he had never seen me before; but
well did I know him, and well did he know me. Conscience made cowards
of us both.
    I found Mr. Waterbrook to be a middle-aged gentleman, with a short
throat, and a good deal of shirt-collar, who only wanted a black nose to
