                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           561
 the steady ticking of the undisturbed clock on the wall, tormented me to
 that degree that I resolved to go to bed.
    I t was re-assuring, on such a night, to be told that some of the inn-
 servants had agreed together to sit up until morning. I went to bed,
 exceedingly weary and heavy ; but, on my lying down, all such sensations
 vanished, as if by magic, and I was broad awake, with every sense
 refined.
    For hours I lay there, listening to the wind and water; imagining,
 now, that I heard shrieks out at sea; now, that I distinctly heard the
 firing of signal guns ; and now, the fall of houses in the town. I got up,
 several times, and looked out ; but could see nothing, except the reflection
 in the window-panes of the faint candle I had left burning, and of my
 own haggard face looking in at me from the black void.
    At length, my restlessness attained to such a pitch, that I hurried on
my clothes, and went down stairs. I n the large kitchen, where I dimly
 saw bacon and ropes of onions hanging from the beams, the watchers
were clustered together, in various attitudes, about a table, purposely
moved away from the great chimney, and brought near the door. A
pretty girl, who had her ears stopped with her apron, and her eyes upon
the door, screamed when I appeared, supposing me to be a spirit; but the
others had more presence of mind, and were glad of an addition to their
company. One man, referring to the topic they had been discussing,
 asked me whether I thought the souls of the collier-crews who had gone
down, were out in the storm?
    I remained there, 'l dare say, two hours. Once, I opened the yard-
gate, and looked into the empty street. The sand, the sea-weed,
and the flakes of foam, were driving by; and I was obliged to call for
assistance before I could shut the gate again, and make it fast against
the wind.
    There was a dark gloom in my solitary chamber, when I at length
returned to i t ; but I was tired now, and, getting into bed again, fell-off
a tower and down a precipice-into the depths of sleep. I have an irnpres-
siou that for a long time, though I dreamed of being elsewhere and in a
variety of scenes, it was always blowing in my dream. At length, I lost
that feeble hold upon reality, and was engaged with two dear friends, but
who they were I don't know, at the siege of some town in a roar of
cannonading.
    The thunder of the cannon was so loud and incessant, that I could not
hear something I much desired to hear, until I made a great exertion
and awoke. I t was broad day-eight or nine o'clock ; the storm raging, in
lieu of the batteries ; and some one knocking and calling at my door.
    " What is the matter?" I cried.
    " A wreck ! Close by ! "
    I sprung out of bed, and asked what wreck?
    " A schooner, from Spain or Portugal, laden with fruit and wine. Make
haste, sir, if you want to see her! I t 'S thought, down on the beach,
she 'll go to pieces every moment."
    The excited voice went clamouring along the staircase ; and I wrapped
myself in my clothes as quickly as I could, and ran into the street.
    Numbers of people were there before me, all running in one direction,
                                                             00
