                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           393
   The clerks were there, but nobody was doing anything. Old Tiffey, for
the first time in his life I should think, was sitting on somebody else's
stool, and had not hung up his hat.
    " This is a dreadful calamity, Mr. Copperfield," said he, as I entered.

    " What is ? " I exclaimed.     "What's the matter ? "
    " Don't you know?" cried Tiffey, and all the rest of them, coming
round me.
    '' No ! " said I, looking from face to face.
    " Mr. Spenlow," said Tiffey.

    " What about him! "

    " Dead! "
    I thought it was the office reeling, and not I, as one of the clerks
caught hold of me. They sat me down in a chair, untied my neckcloth,
and brought me some water. I have no idea whether this took any time.
    " ~ e a g "? said I.
    " He dined in town yesterday, and drove down in the phaeton by him-
 self," said Tiffey, " having sent his own groom home by the coach, as he
 sometimes did, you know -"
     " Well ? "
     " The phaeton went home without him. The horses stopped at the
 stable gate. The man went out with a lantern. Nobody in the carriage."
     " Had they run away ? "

     " They were not hot," said Tiffey, putting on his glasses ; "no hotter, I

 understand, than they would have been, going down at the usual pace.
 The reins were broken, but they had been dragging on the ground. The
 house was roused up directly, and three of them went out along the road.
 They found him a mile off."
     " More than a mile off, Mr. Tiffey," interposed a junior.
     " Was i t ? I believe you are right," said Tiffey,-"more than a mile off
 -not far from the church-lying partly on the road-side, and partly on
 the path, upon his face. Whether he fell out in a fit, or got out, feeling
 ill before the fit came on-or even whether he was quite dead then,
 though there is no doubt he was quite insensible-no one appears to
 know. If he breathed, certainly he never spoke. Medical assistance was
 got as soon as possible, but it was quite useless."
     I cannot describe the state of mind into which I was thrown by this
 intelligence. The shock of such an event happening so suddenly, and
 happening to one with whom I had been in any respect at variance-the
 appalling vacancy in the room he had occupied so lately, where his chair
 and table seemed to wait for him, and his handwriting of yesterday was
 like a ghost-the indefinable impossibility of separating him from the
 place, and feeling, when the door opened, as if he might come in-the lazy
 hush and rest there was in the office, and the insatiable relish with which
 our people talked about it, and other people came in and out all day, and
 gorged themselves with the subject-this is easily intelligible to any one.
 What I cannot describe is, how, in the innermost recesses of my own heart,
 I had a lurking jealousy even of Death. How I felt as if its might would
 push me from my ground in Dora's thoughts. How I was, in a grudging
 way I have no words for, envious of her grief. How it made me restless
 to think of her weeping to others, or being consoled by others. How I had
