416            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  found out, at Yarmouth, some foreign dealers who knew that country, and
  they had drawn him a rude map on paper, which he could very well under-
  stand. He laid it between us on the table ; and, with his chin resting
  on one hand, tracked his course upon it with the other.
     I asked him how Ham was? He shook his head.
     "He works," he said, " as bold as a man can. His name's as good, in
  all that part, as any man's is, anywheres in the wureld. Anyone's hand is
 ready to help him, you understand, and his is ready to help them. He's
 never been heerd fur to complain. But my sister's belief is ('twixt ourselves)
  as it has cut him deep."
     " Poor fellow, I can believe it ! "
     " H e ain't no care, Mas'r Davy," said Mr. Peggotty in a solemn whisper

 -" keinder no care no-how for his life. When a man's wanted for rough
  service in rough weather, he's theer. When there 's hard duty to be
 done with danger in it, he steps forward afore all his mates. And yet he 's
 as gentle as any child. There ain't a child in Yarmouth that doen't know
 him."
     He gathered up the letters thoughtfully, smoothing them with his hand;
 put them into their little bundle; and placed it tenderly in his breast
 again. The face was gone from the door. I still saw the snow drifting
 in ; but nothing else was there.
     " Well ! " he said, looking to his bag, " having seen you to-night, Mas'r
 Davy (and that doos me good!) I shall away betimes to-morrow morn-
ing. You have seen what I've got heer;" putting his hand on where
 the little packet lay ; "all that troubles me is, to think that any harm might
 come to me, afore that money was give back. If I was to die, and it was
lost, or stole, or elseways made away with, and it was never knowed
by him but what I ' d took it, I believe the t'other wureld wouldn't hold
 me ! I believe I must come back! "
     He rose, and I rose too; we grasped each other by the hand again,
 before going out.
     " I ' d go ten thousand mile," he said, " I ' d go till I dropped dead, to

lay that money down afore him. If I do that, and find my Em'ly, I ' m
content. If I doen't find her, maybe she '11 come to hear, sometime, as her
loving uncle only ended his search for her when he ended his life; and if
I know her, even that will turn her home at last ! "
    As we went out into the rigorous night, I saw the lonely figure flit
away before us. I turned him hastily on some pretence, and held him in
conversation until it was gone.
    He spoke of a traveller's house on the Dover road, where he knew he
could find a clean, plain lodging for the night. I went with him over
Westminster Bridge, and parted from him on the Surrey shore. Every-
thing seemed, to my imagination, to be hushed in reverence for him, as
he resumed his solitary journey through the snow.
    I returned to the inn yard, and, impressed by my remembrance of the
face, looked awfully around for it. I t was not there. The snow had
covered our late footprints ; my new track was the only one to be seen;
and even that began to die away (it snowed so fast) as I looked back over
my shoulder.
