                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            405
pleasure of a walk with an old acquaintance." Saying this, with a jerk of
his body, which might have been either propitiatory or derisive, he fell
into step beside me.
    " Uriah ! " said I, as civilly as I could, after a silence.

    " Master Copperfield ! " said Uriah.

    " To tell you the truth (at which you will not be offended), I came out
to walk alone, because I have had so much company."
    He looked at me sideways, and said with his hardest grin, " You mean
mother ? "
    " Why yes, I do," said I.

    "Ah ! But you know we're so very umble," he returned. "And
having such a knowledge of our own umbleness, we must really take care
that we 're not pushed to the wall by them as isn't umble. All stratagems
are fair in love, sir."
    Raising his great hands until they touched his chin, he rubbed them
softly, and softly chuckled ; looking as like a malevolent baboon, I thought,
as anything human could look.
    " You see," he said, still hugging himself in that unpleasant way, and
shaking his head at me, "you 're quite a dangerous rival, Master Copper-
field. You always was, you know."
    " Do you set a watch upon Miss Wickfield, and make her home no

home, because of me ? " said I.
    " Oh ! Master Copperfield ! Those are very arsh words," he replied.

    " Put my meaning into any words you like," said I.          "You know what
it is, Uriah, as well as I do."
    " Oh no ! You must put it into words," he said. " Oh, really ! 'I
couldn't myself."
    " Do you suppose," said I, constraining myself to be very temperate

and quiet with him, on account of Agnes, " that I regard Miss Wickfield
otherwise than as a very dear sister? "
    " Well, Master Copperfield," he replied, "you perceive I am not bound
to answer that question. You may not, you know. But then, you see,
you may ! "
    Anything to equal the low cunning of his visage, and of his shadowless
 eyes without the ghost of an eyelash, I never saw.
    " Come, then ! " said I.      " For the sake of Miss Wickfield --"

    " My Agnes ! " he exclaimed, with a sickly, angular contortion of him-

 self. " Would you be so good as call her Agnes, Master Copperfield ! "
    " For the sake of Agnes Wickfield-Heaven bless her ! "
    " Thank you for that blessing, Master Copperfield ! " he interposed.
    "I will tell you what I should, under any other circumstances, as soon
 have thought of telling to-Jack Ketch."
    " To who, sir? " said Uriah, stretching out his neck, and shading his

 ear with his hand.
    " To the hangman," I returned.         " The most unlikely person I could
 think of,"-though      his own face had suggested the allusion quite as a
 natural sequence. " I am engaged to another young lady. I hope that
 contents you."
    " Upon your soul? " said Uriah.

    I was about indignantly to give my assertion the confirmation he
 required, when he caught hold of my hand, and gave it a squeeze.
