                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            589
 or take something up, or put something down, or find something, or fetch
 something; he was so addressed, by one or other of his sisters-in-law,
 at least twelve times in an hour. Neither could they do anything
 without Sophy. Somebody's hair fell down, and nobody but Sophy
 could put it up. Somebody forgot how a particular tune went, and
 nobody but Sophy could hum that tune right. Somebody wanted to recal
 the name of a place in Devonshire, and only Sophy knew it. Something
 was wanted to be written home, and Sophy alone could be trusted to write
 hefore breakfast in the morning. Somebody broke down in a piece of
 knitting, and no one but Sophy was able to put the defaulter in the right
 direction. They were entire mistresses of the place, and Sophy and
 Traddles waited on them. I-IOW      many children Sopl~ycould have taken
 care of in her time, I can't imagine ; but she seemed to be famous for
 knowing every sort of song that ever was addressed to a child in the
 English tongue ; a i d she sang dozens to order with the clearest little voice
in the world, one after another (every sister issuing directions for a dif-
 ferent tune, and the Beauty generally striking in last), so that I was quite
fascinated. The best of all was, that, in the midst of their exactions,
all the sisters had a great tenderness and respect both for Soplly and
Traddles. I am sure, when I took my leave, and Traddles was coming
out to walk with me to the coffee-house, I thought I had never seen an
obstinate head of hair, or any other head of hair, rolling about in such a
shower of kisses.
    Altogether, it was a scene I could not help dwelling on with pleasure,
for a long time after I got back and had wishcd Traddles good night.
If I had beheld a thousand roses blowing in a top set of chambers, in
that withered Gray's Inn, they could not have brightened it half so much.
The idea of those Devonshire girls, among the dry law-stationers and the
attornies' offices ; and of the tea and toast, and children's songs, in that
grim atmosphere of pounce and parchment, red-tape, dusty wafers, inli-
jars, brief and draft paper, law reports, writs, declarations, and bills of
costs ; seemed almost as pleasantly fanciful as if I had dreamed that the
Sultan's famous family had been admitted on the roll of attorneys, and
had brought the talking bird, the singing tree, and the golden water into
Gray's Inn Hall. Somehow, I found that I had taken leave of Traddles
for the night, and come back to the cofee-house, with a great change in
my despondency about him. I began to think he would get on, in
spite of all the many orders of chief waiters in England.
    Drawing a chair before one of the coffee-room fires to think about him
at my leisure, I gradually fell from the consideration of his happiness to
tracing prospects in the live-coals, and to thinking, as they broke and
 changed, of the principal vicissitudes and separations that had marked my
life. I had not seen a coal fire, since I had left England three years ago :
though many a wood fire had I watched, as it crumbled into hoary ashes,
 and mingled with the feathery heap upon the hearth, which not inaptly
figured to me, in my despondency, my own dead hopes.
    I could think of the past now, gravely, but not bitterly; and could con-
template the f ~ ~ t u rine a brave spirit. Ilome, in its best sense, was for
me no more. She in whoni I might have inspired a dearer love, I had
taught to be my sister. She would marry, and would have new claimants
