388           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Murdstone's manner, and deprecated her severity with a conciliatory little
wave of his hand.
    " On my return to Norwood, after the period of absence occasioned by
my brother's marriage," pursued Miss Murdstone in a disdainful voice,
" and on the return of Miss Spenlow from her visit to her friend Miss

Mills, I imagined that the manner of Miss Spenlow gave me greater
occasion for suspicion than before. Therefore I watched Miss Spenlow
closely."
    Dear, tender little Dora, so unconscious of this Dragon's eye !
    " Still," resumed Miss Murdstone, " I found no proof until last
night. I t appeared to me that Miss Spenlow received too many letters
from her friend Miss Mills ; but Miss Mills being her friend with her
father's full concurrence," another telling blow at Mr. Spenlow, " it was
not for me to interfere. If I may not be permitted to allude to the
natural depravity of the human heart, at least I may-I must-be per-
mitted, so far to refer to misplaced confidence."
    Mr. Spenlow apologetically murmured his assent.
    " Last evening after tea," pursued Miss Murdstone, ' I I observed the
little dog starting, rolling, and growling about the drawing-room, worrying
something. I said to Miss Spenlow, 'Dora, what is that the dog has in
his mouth? I t ' s paper.' Miss Spenlow immediately put her hand to her
frock, gave a sudden cry, and ran to the dog. I interposed, and said
' Dora my love, you must permit me.' "
    Oh Jip, miserable Spaniel, this wretchedness, then, was your work !
    " Miss Spenlow endeavoured" said Miss Murdstone " to bribe me
with kisses, work-boxes, and small articles of jewellery-that, of course,
I pass over. The little dog retreated under the sofa on my approaching
him, and was with great difficulty dislodged by the fire-irons. Even when
 dislodged, he still kept the letter in his mouth; and on my endeavouring
 to takeit from him, at the imminent riskof being bitten, he kept it between
 his teeth so pertinaciously as to suffer himself to be held suspended
 in the air by means of the document. At length I obtained possession
 of it. After perusing it, I taxed Miss Spenlow with having many such
letters in her possession; and ultimately obtained from her, the packet
which is now in David Copperfield's hand."
    Here she ceased; and snapping her reticule again, and shutting her
mouth, looked as if she might be broken, but could never be bent.
    "You have heard Miss Murdstone," said Mr. Spenlow, turning to me.
"I beg to ask, Mr. Copperfield, if you have anything to say in reply? "
    The picture I had before me, of the beautiful little treasure of my heart,
sobbing and crying all night-of            her being alone, frightened, and
wretched, then-of her having so piteously begged and prayed that stony-
hearted woman to forgive her-of her having vainly offered her those
kisses, work-boxes, and trinkets-of her being in such grievous distress,
and all for me-very much impaired the little dignity I had been able to
muster. I am afraid I was in a tremulous state for a minute or so, though
I did my best to disguise it.
    "There is nothing I can say, sir," I returned, "except that all the
blame is mine. Dora-"
    " Miss Spenlow, if you please," said her father, majestically.
