8                                                                                              8
    A New Illustrated U'ork, unniform. with the "Royal Gems from the Galleries
                      of Europe," i n one vol. price 50s. cloth gilt,

                        THE WILKIE GALLERY,
            WITH NOTICES BIOGRAPHICAL AND CRITICAL.
      The Engravings are accompanied by original critical notices from the pen of an
    artist whose abilities peculiarly qualify him to explain and illustrate those
    numerous points of excellence with which the compositions of WILKIEabound.
    The work will also comprise a Biography of the Painter, written expressly for the
    WILKIEGALLERY.
         A PORTRAIT OF WILIiIE AND A VIEW OF HIS BIRTHPLACE
                             FORM PART O F THE ILLUSTRATIONS.

    The volume contains Forty-four beautiful Engravings in line; average size, 6 s by
                                      9; inches.
                                            -
                       THE GEMS OF BEAUTY;
        Displayed in a Series of Forty-two highly-finished Steel Engravings of
                                  various subjects.
    From Designs by E. T. PARIS, G. CATTERMOLE,  R. HERBERT,and E. CORBOULD.
            Engraved under the superintendence of Mr CHARLESHEATH.
        WITH ILLUSTRATIONS I N VERSE, BY THE COUNTESS OP BLESSINGTON.
                                  I n folio, cloth gilt, 21. 2s.
     &'Nothingcan surpass the exquisite finish of the plates."-literary Gnzetle.
     "One of the most splendid works of the kind ever produced."-BeLC's Mesrenger.
     "Undoubtedly the most exquisite book of the season."-Metropoliton Conservative Journal.

                                            -
            RYALL'S PORTRAITS OF
    EMINENT CONSERVATIVES AND STATESMEN.
                 DEDICATED, BY PERMISSION, TO THE CARLTON CLUB.

       This magnificent work forms two splendid volumes, folio, in superb morocco
    bindings, comprising Seventytwo highly-finished Engravings, by first-rate Artists,
    after Portraits by SIR THOMAS    LAWRENCE,     P.R.A., SIR G. HAYTER,     R.A., H. \V.
    PICHERSGILL,  R.A., A. F. CHALON,  R.A., T. PHILLIPS,R.A., H. P. BRIGCS,     R.A., and
    other eminent Painters. Average size of the Engravings, 9; inches by 7%inches.
       The Portraits are accompanied by Biographical Memoirs, which have been
    written expressly for this work, by members of the Senate, the Bar, and authors
    of high reputation.
       Two vols. niorocco elegant, gilt leaves, 81. ; ditto, large paper, India proofs, gilt
    leaves, 12L
                                             -
              THE DRAWING-R00N TABLE BOOK.
                               EDITEDBY MRS. S. C. HALL.
       This volume comprises Original Tales by the Editor, and Poetry by popular
    living Authors. It is embellished with Twenty-four splendid Engravings by
    FINDEN, RYALL,ROLLS,  and others, from Paintings by WARREN,   LANISEER, LESLIE,
    DANIELL, &c. The Work is beautifully prinf,ed, enriched with ornamental devices,
    and elegantly bound and gilt, 16s.

                   A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
              LONDON:                                 ROW.

8                                                                                              Q
