 12                                               ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                                              -                       ---
                                                                                                                        --




                  ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
THE economy both in the cost and wear of this Umbrella has been fully
borne out by the experience of these last 18 months, and which can be
testified by some thousands of purchasers to whom they have given universal
satisfaction. They may be obtained of most Umbrella Dealers in the
United Kingdom, from 10s. 6d. each.
          W. & J. SANGSTER, Patentees, 140, Regent-street,
                                              94, Fleet-street,
                                              10, Royal Exchange.
                                Warehouse, 75, Cheapside.
            CHEAP SILK UMBREJdLAS, from 7s. each.
  The houses licensed for the manufacture of the Alpaca Umbrella,
wholesale, are              Messrs. Y. & W. RUTTEIR,122, Cheapside.
                                                   ,,      J. MOBLAND & SON, 50, eastcheap.
      -     ---                 -    --        - - -
                                                     ,,   --
                                                            WADB)IFPGTON & SONS, 1, Coleman St.
                                                                                                    --




                        3BnIlnbec 3ito~aI                                         batronage.

PERFECT FREEDOM FROM COUGHS I N TEN MINUTES, AND INSTANT R E L I E F
    AND -4 R A P I D CURE O F ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION, COUGHS,
      COLDS, AND ALL DISORDERS O F T H E BREATH AND LUNGS,
                                                     ARE   INSURED    BY


 DR. LOCOCK'S P U L l R O N I C W A F E R S .
    ',,ii
     Snaall boolcs, containing many hundreds of properly authenticated Testimonials, may be
                                   had from every Agent.
For Clearing the Voice, and Relieving              Another Cure of a long-standing
              the Heart and Lungs.                                                Asthmatic Cough.
Extract of a letter from Mr. N.W. Thomas, FoweY,                Extract of a letter from Mr. W. Tomlinson, Book-
                     J a n u a r y 6, 1849.                                   seller, Stodman-street. Newark.
    Gentlemen,-I   d o n o t approve of Patent Medicines
 generally, hut in respect t o " ~ r ~. o c o c k ' sPulmonic      Gentlemen,-I     can fully p r o v e t h e v a l n e o f ~ o c o c ~ ~ s
 Wafers." I recommend them strongly, and from                   Wafers         a near relative of mine was speedily
experience can vouch for their efficacy in clearing                     Gf   a most severe asthmatic cough of long
t h e voice, and easing t h e action of t h e Lungs where
respiration is impeded
inflammation.
                                     an excess of mucus    or
                                                                duration b y them, a n d many other cures erlnally
                                                                astonishing constantly come under m y notice, s o
                                                                t h a t I can confidently recommend them, which I do
    Their sedative qualities in diseases of the heart are       With very great
also great, without causing irritation or other symp-                                            (Signed)
toms incident t o t h e use of opinm and other usual
remedies. (Signed) N. W. THOMAS, Chemist, Fowey.                                                       W. TOMLINSON.
   TO SINGERS AND PUBLIC SPEAKERS they are invaluable, as in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
   They have a pleasant taste. Price Is. Isd., 2s. 9d., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS: D A SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.
                                            O F WHOM ALSO MAY BE HAD

                       DR. LOCOCK'S FEMALE WAFERS.
  HAVENO TASTEOF MEDICINE. The only Medicine recommended t o be taken by Females!
           Price Is, ITfd., Zs, 9d., and 11s. per Box. Beware of Imitations.
