cl"
 a                                         DOUDNEYS
       7llHatetprooferB, BabttTO $Iftatter$, anb tailor4
3      QUEEN V I C T O R I A , QUEEN ADELAIDE,
P9             H.R.H. Prince Albert, H.R.H. The Duchess of Kent,
s&    ~ n the
                                            KING LOUIS PHILIPPE,
           d ROYAL FAMILIES of ENGLAND and FRANCE,

'
rl
       The DOUDNEYS motto is "none but Good Articles can be cheap,"
      and with this ever in view, they have, by increasing efforts, established R e a d y Money business of great extent
      among the strong holds of the old fashioned usurlous Credlt System. As to the character, and recom-
      mendatory infiuence of the approbation which has been bestowed upon their endeavours; let their Pave m y a l
      Appointments, and their Patronage Book filled wlth the Royal, Illustrious, and Noble names
H     of their customers, testify.

         The New Patterns for Spring and Summer wear are now ready for
      inspection at the Old Prices so famous in seasons past, viz. :-Summer Waistcoats 7s. each, or 3 for 20s.-
      Summer Trousers 10s. 6d. per or 3 for 30s.-Summer Coats, the beautiful light material 10s. 6d.-21s. and 30s.

          The Queens Victoria and Adelaide, and the Royal and Noble Duchesses
      of Kent and Cambridge. Sntherland and Buccleuch, constantly wear Doudney's elegant Registered Cloak i n a
      variety of Waterproof, materials for Winter Wraps and the Promenade.--$I Every Lady should see these graceful)~ar-
      ments." (Tide AOrninp P08l. September 26th.) They surpass all othen for School Cloaks for the som and danghters.

O^        For Gentlemen.-The
      H.IS.II. ImRISCE.LLREIST, the ~ o b i l l ttlie
                                                          Roval Redstered Cloak. as made for
                                                                  ~ ,~ r n ; ~ , and Navy, and all \clio study romfori,
Q     cjupled witli a trulvGentlamanly rrterior. These cloaks are l~ror~ounced   by lbuse wlio understand tbe nlatter, '6 The
&     luosd ncrhsihl&Garment ever introdneed," dt prices to suit nil vustonlcrs irom tile Superb down to tlie
cl    useful Guinea Cloak.
A
          The New Patent Belt for Riding or general exercise, the only really effectual
      protection against rupture; the support commencing at the bottom edge of the belt, and producing an uniform upward
0) pressure.      They may be enlarged or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce indigestlon
      either in Ladies or Gentlemen. They are attached to Drawers with excellent effect. The most eminent of the Faculty
$
CI1
      are recommending these in preference to all others.
$4
Q         LIVERIES. Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                                               Ready Money
a     does it ! I ! and a very extensive practice among families of first distinction insures satisfactory results.
2
        Habit Makers by Special Appointment to Queen Victoria and
      the Ladies of the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas,
2
         Waterproof Irish Poplin. The DOUDNEYS are the sole manufac-

'
5
&
      turers of this beautiful article to H E R MAJESTY AND T H E PRINCE CONSORT.
      Cloaks, and lengths for Dresses can be obtained only at their Establishment.

         Country Gentlemen wishing to be Respectably Dressed
                                                                                                       Gentlemen's Coats, Ladies


                                                                                                       at low Prices should
      send for a Book of detail, self-measurement and all the System of business, or if S or 4 Gentlemen unite, a Traveller
      will wait upon them.

      17, OLD BOND ST., 25, BURLINGTON ARCADE
       49. LOMBARD ~ ~ ~ I % ~ - ~ s t a b l i1784.
                                               shed
