                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                        3
-
        I n One L a r g e Volwme, with F O P ~ ~ Desigm, eeng~avedm Wood, p i c e 21s.
                                           Original

                              THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF

           OLIVER GOLDSMITH.
                                 A BIOGRAPHY:                 IN FOUR BOOKS.

                                                              1
BOOK
    1. THESIZAR,STUDENT,
                       TRAVELLER,
                                APOTHECARY'S 3. AUTHORSHIP BY CHOICE.
         JOURNEYMAN,USHBR,
                         AND POORPHYSICIAN.  4. THE FRIEND OF JOHNSON,BURKEAND REY-
    2. AUTHORSHIPBY COYPULSION.                   NOLDS: DRAMATIST,NOVELIST,AND POET.

                                      BY JOHN FORSTER,
            Of the Inner Temple, Barrister, Author of    I'   Lives of Statesmen of the Commonwealth."
  ''A fittinz. and wethink.a nermanent comoaniontothe
                                                  -   . works
                                                           ~ of the nuthor.whosecareer
                                                                                  ~ . ~  it commemorates
                                                                                             . . - -  ~   . :-
                                                                                                       - -~ -- -       - ~ ~
a gentle bu?'a n~anlyapologg'for the llfejwhichit tracks through each pathetic transittonof light and shadow :
writtcti in that spirit of which Goldsmith himself would have approved-pleabing          while it instructs us, mild
without tameness, earnest without acerbity."-EdinburghReviewi

                  Bradbury 81 Evans, 11, Bouverie Street ; and Chapman & Hall, 186, Strand.




ELECTRO-PLATE SUPERSEDED BY RICHARD & JOHN SLACK'S
       PURE NICKEL SILVER.-This Incomparable Metal ~ o s s e u e all       s the richness of Silver in appearance,
with all its durability and hardness, and is warranted t o stand the test of aquafortis.
                                                                                               Victoria and
                                                Fiddle Pattern.       Thread Pattern.         King's Pattern.
                                         .
                             .. .. .. .. .
         Table Spoons and Forks, per dozen          18s. Od.              28s. Od.               30s. Od.
         Dessert ditto ditto                        10 0                  21 0                    25 0
         Teaspoons ditto                             6 0                   11 0                   la 0
  R. & J. S. beg t o caution the public against several spurious imitations of their articles. The genuine are t o
be had only a t their establishment, 336, Strand, where may he inspected the most extensive assortment of
Furnishing Ironmongery in London, a t prices 30 per cent. under any other house; the money returned for any
article not approved of. Their book, containing drawings and prices of every article, may be had gratis
or sent free t o any part. RICHARD 81 JOHN SLACK, 3'36, Strand, opposite Somerset House, established
in 1818.




                            T h e attention of gentlemen is solicited t o t h i s t r u l j
                        unique article, being t h e only perfect fitting s h i r t m a d e ,
                            S i x v e r y superior Shirts f o r 308. ; also all t h e n e w
                        p a t t e r n s in Coloured Shirts, six f o r 27s. Detailed
                        catalogues, with p a t t e r n s a n d directions f o r self-
                        measurement, s e n t post-free.




BEAUTY.-The                 thorn that veils the
       primrose from our view is not more invidious
in Nature than superfluous Hair on the Face, Neck,
                                                                  T H E.T O I L E T of            BEAUTY
                                                                        furnishes innumerable proofs of the high
                                                               estimation in which GOWLAND'S LOTION is held
and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-                      by the most distinguished possessors of brilliant
DER is the most certain and elegant preparation for            complexions. This elegant preparation comprehends
its removal-the genuine is perfectly innocent, is easy         t h e preservation of the complexion, both from the
and pleasant t o use, and has been signed " G. H.              effects of cutaneous malady and the operation of
HOGARD " for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro-              variable temperature, by refreshing its delicacy, and
prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,           sustaining its brightest tints with which beauty is
Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, in            adorned.-" Robert Shaw, London," is in whiteletters
packets, price 48. Double ditto, 73., or by post, free         on the Government stamp of the genuine. Price
for 60 or 88 Postage stamps.                                   2s. gd., 58. 6d., quarts, 8s. 6d.

                                                   P R E V E N T E D BY HOLLOWAY'S
AM P U T A T I O N               AGAIN
       OINTMENT AND PILLS.-Extract           of a letter from Mr. S. Smith, 69, Cape1 Street, Dublin, dated
March 13, 18ag:-i6To Professor Hol1oway.-Dear Sir,-I think it only my duty to inform you and the public
of the wonderful cure your Ointment and Pills have effected on me. For three years I had a dreadful
wound in my leg. I tried all the faculty in this city, but t o no purpose; they informed me that nothing could
save my life but amputation. I was then advised by a celebrated doctor t o use your remedies, which in a
brief period have healed my leg, and made i t a8 strong as it formerly was." Sold by all vendors of
Medicine, and at Professor Holloway's establishment, 244, Strand, London.
