                                          DOUDNEYS
 t@itater@roofer$, BaWtTO maRer8, anD 1PCaiIor8
 QUEEN V I C T O R I A , QUEEN ADELAIDE,
               H.R.H. Prince Albert, H.R.H. The Duchess of Kent,
                                            KING LOUIS PHILIPPE,
And the ROYAL FAMILIES of ENGLAND and FRANCE,
 The DOUDNEYS motto is "none but Good Articles can be cheap,"
and withthis ever in view they have, by increasing efforts, established a R e a d y Money business of great extent
among the strong holds of)the old fashioned unr~riousCredit System. As to the character and recom-
mendatory influence of the approbation which has been bestowed upon their endeavours; let their l?i& Royal
Appointments, and their Patronage Book filled with the Royal, Illustrious, and Noble nimes
of their customers, testify.

    The New Patterns for Spring and Summer wear are now ready for
inspection at the Old Prices so famous in seasons past, viz. :-Summer Waistcoats 7s. each, or 3 for 20s.-
Summer Trousers 10s. 6d. per pail: or 3 for 30s.-Summer Coats, the beautiful light material 10s. 6d.-21s. and 30s.

    The Queens Victoria and Adelaide, and the Royal and Noble Duchesses
of Kent and Cambridge, Sutherland and Bnccleuch, constantly wear Doudney's elegant Regintered Cloak, ina
variety of Waterproof, materials for Winter Wraps and the Promenade.-'I Every Lady should see these graceful Gar-
ments." ( T i d e Morning Post, September 2 6 6 1 ~ ) They surpass all others for School Cloaks for the sons and daugliters.

    For Gentlemen.-The                                     Roval Registered Cloak. as made for
I X . l R . 1 1 . ImRIISCEAL.IBEI(T, tllv ~ o b i l ~Ill?f ~                ~m     , z y:~tltl   , 5 0 v y . iltlJ a l l \;IIU srn,:!. comti,r*1,
c,l~pled\\irl~                                                                                                                tllc iiliirler, ii The
                   n rrnly Oe~ttl&lt;rnnulycslcri.r. Tlisse rlo;~ksar: I : I I I I I L U I I C L ~ by lllosd ~ l t ou111l~rst~11.1
nno*t rrn.iihlr G a r n ~ o l ce v e r intl~oaIoret1,"             .rt I ricci to su:t :*!I custonlcrs iron1 till. Su;..lb duwn to tile
useful Guinea Cloak.

    The New Patent Belt for Riding or general exercise, the only really effectual
protection against rupture; the support commencing at the bottom edge of the belt, and producing an uniform upward
pressure. They may be enlarged or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce indigcstion
either in Ladies or Gentlemen. They are attached to Drawers with excellerit effect. The most eminent of the Faculty
are recommending these in preference to all others.

    LIVERIES. Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                                                               Ready Money
doe8   it!!!    and a very extensive practice among families of first distinction insures satisfactory results.

  Habit Makers by Special Appointment to Queen Victoria and
the Ladies of the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas,
   Waterproof Irish Poplin. The DOUDNEYS are the sole manufac-
turers of this beautiful article to HER MAJESTY AND T H E PRINCE CONSORT.                                      Gentlemen's Coats, Ladies
Cloaks, and lengths for Dresses can be obtained only at their Establishment.

   Country Gentlemen wishing                                    to be Respectably Dressed at low Prices should
send for a Book of detail, self-measurement and all the System of business, or if 3 ox 4 Gentlemen unite, a Traveller
will wait upon them.

17, OLD BOND ST~KBURLINGTON       ARCADE
 49. LOMBARD ~ ~ ~ ~ i ~ - ~ s t a b 1784.
                                     lished
