              THX PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

mother, very pale and with red eyes : into whose arms I ran, and begged
her pardon from my suffering soul.
  c c Oh, Davy !" she said. " That you could hurt any one I love ! Try to
be better, pray to be better ! I forgive you; but I am so grieved, Davy,
that you should have such bad passions in your heart."
   They had persuaded her that I was a wicked fellow, and she was more
sorry for that, than for my going away. I felt it sorely. I tried to eat
my parting breakfast, but my tears dropped upon my bread-and-butter,
and trickled into my tea. I saw my mother look at me sometimes,
and then glance at the watchful Miss Murdstone, and then look down, or
look away.
   " Master Copperfield's box there !" said Miss Murdstone, when wheels

were heard at the gate.
   I looked for Peggotty, but it was not she ; neither she nor Mr. Murdstone
appeared. My former acquaintance, the carrier, was at the door; the
box was taken out to his cart, and lifted in.
   " Clara ! " said Miss Murdstone, in her warning note.

   "Ready, my dear Jane," returned my mother. " Good bye, Davy.
You are going for your own good. Good bye, my child. You will come
home in the holidays, and be a better boy."
   " Clara !" Miss Murdstone repeated.
   " Certainly, my dear Jane," replied my mother, who was holding me.

" I forgive you, my dear boy.     God bless you ! "
   " Clara ! " Miss Murdstone repeated.

   Miss Murdstone was good enough to take me out to the cart, and to
say on the way that she hoped I would repent, before I came to a bad
end; and then I got into the cart, and the lazy horse walked off with it.




                             CHAPTER V.
                     I AM SENT AWAY FROM HOME.
  WE might have gone about half a mile, and my pocket-handkerchief was
quite wet through, when the carrier stopped short.
  Looking out to ascertain what for, I saw, to my amazement, Peggotty
burst from a hedge and climb into the cart. She took me in both her
arms, and squeezed me to her stays until the pressure on my nose was
extremely painful, though I never thought of that till afterwards when I
found it very tender. Not a single word did Peggotty speak. Releasing
one of her arms, she put it down in her pocket to the elbow, and brought
out some paper bags of cakes which she crammed into my pockets, and a
purse which she put into my hand, but not one word did she say. After
another and a final squeeze with both arms, she got down from the cart
and ran away; and, my belief is, and has always been, without a solitary
button on her gown. I picked up one, of several that were rolling about,
and treasured it as a keepsake for a long time.
   The carrier looked at me, as if to enquire if she were coming back.
