                                                     2
containing the real name and address of the writer; no note will be opened except that of t h e suc-
cessful competitor.
 MONTHLY PARTS OF T H E WORKING MAN'S FRIEND AND FAMILY INSTRUCTOR.
   MONTHLY PARTS are regularly published, price Sixpence, containing Four Weekly Numbers
besides which is the Szpplementary Number for the Month, uniform in size and price with the ~ e e k l ;
Numbers, and is devoted entirely t o communications from Working Men. As an encouragement t o
literary exertion on the part of the working classes, valuable books are awarded to those whose
compositions are considered worthy of insertion. Four Numbers have now been published and
have elicited the highest encomiums from all quarters, including several leading Mernb&s of
Parliament.
            J O H N CASSELL'S L I B R A R Y
To be completed i n Twenty-four Monthly Volumes, each Volume containing 144 pa&, price SIX-
PENCE.    Vols. FIRST and SECONDthe two in one) NOW READY, price ONE SWILLING;or, bound
i n cloth, ONE SmLLINa A N D FOURPENCB,entitled "SAILINGS OVER T H E GLOBE;" com-
prising:-Rise and Progress of Navigation-Early Discoveries of the Portuguese-Voyages of Vasco
 de Gama, Mendez Pinto, and Ma ellan-Eastern Enterprises of the English, and First Circumnavi-
gation of the Globe-The Four qoyages of Columbus-Cortez and the Conquest of Mexico-Pizarro
and the Discovery of Peru-Voyages and Discoveries of Commodore Byron-Voyages and Discoveries
of Captain Wallis-The Four Voyages and Discoveries of Captain Cook-Early Polar Expeditions-
Recent Voyages and Discoveries of Scoresby, Parry, Ross, and Franklin.
   Volume 111. of the Series is also NOW PUBLISHED, and Volume IY. will be ready on the 1st of

                              --RINTS         OF TRAVELLERS.
                                Brooke's Travels in Norway, Sweden, and Lapland-Lyall's        Travels in
                                             Iglis's Travels in the Tyrol-Travels    among the Tartars by
                                               Zwick

     NEW AND POPULAR IIISTORY OF ENGLAND.
  T o render this Library as perfect as possible, the Publisher has arranged with Dr. Ferguson, of Ryde
for bringing out a new HISTORY OF ENGLAND, to be comprised in THREEVOLUMESof the,
WORKING M$N'S LIBRARY. These, with a Volulne entitled, ;THE HISTOIi,Y*PF ENGLAND'S
GREATNESS by the Rev. BENJAMINPARSONSAuthor of Anti-Bacchus,                                The Moral and
Mental ~ i g n i &of Woman " kc. &c., will form foui single aolumes or two handsome doublevolumes.
Thus wiil be produced the Lheapest and most complete H r s ~ o n noa ~ N G L A N Dever issued from the press.
  I n publishing these volumes the design will be not only to exhibit a mere record of the actions of
Kings, but also to present a more f?ithful and interesting history of the People, with tbeir progress in
industrial arts and social amelioration. The acknowledged talents and celebrity of the respective
authors of these works will be a sufficient guarantee for the abllitv and excellence with which they will
be prepared.
                                          PRIZE ESSAY.
                J u s t published, price 1s. 6d., in a stiff wrapper; or bound in cloth, 2s.,
         "THE WORKING CLASSES OF GREAT BRITAIN;
THEIR PRESENT CONDITION.AND THE MEANS OF TIIEIR IMPROYEMENT AND ELEVATION."
                              To which will he added an Appendix.
                      By the Rev. SAMUEL G. GREEN, A.B., of Taunton.
  A Prize of Fifty Pounds was offered by Mr. John Cassell for the best Essay upon the above
suhject, the Adjudicators being the Rev. T. Spencer A.M.; Edward Dfiall E s q . and Edward
Swaine. Esq. : and was unanimously awarded to the 'above gentlemen ; his 'Essay being selected
from almost fiftv others.

     JOHN CASSELL'S BOOKS FOR THE YOUNG.
  There are Primers, Spelling Books, Grammars, and other helps to Elementary Education, i n
abundance. There are also Libraries of Fairy Tales, Romances, and other works of Fictlon, for the
amusement of youthful readers, almost without end. But there are still ~ v a n t m gcheap, well-written
books, adapted to the capacities of children, and furnishing information as to Natulal Objects, Arts,
Sciences, and hlanufactures. To supply this want. John Cissell proposes t o issue
A NEW SERIES OF INSTRUCTIVE                                   WORKS FOR                CHILDREN;
T o consist of Twelve Books at Sixpence each, in the form of catechisms or dialogues, divided into
sections, and written in a style a t once plain and familiar, interesting and instructive. The aim in
this Serips wiil be, by judicious condensation, to furnish for the youthful mind such a store of infor-
mation as shall prove of avail in after-life, a t t h e same time that i t excites a spirit of laudable
inquiry, and an eager thirst for the higher branches of intellectual, scientific, and moral truth.
   I t is believed that there are few parents, however humble their lot in life, but will feel pleasure in
presenting to their children a copy of each of these books as they make their appearance in suc-
cession. For use in schools, whether public or private, they cannot fail to bs acceptable. They will.
also, be admirably adapted for presents, either as tokens of esteem or rewards for good behaviour.
   The first of the Series will be readv bv the 1st of Auaust next. and will contain
                              ARTS AND M~UFA(ITURES.. NO. I.
         T H E HISTORY OF PAPER-MAKING, WRITING, PRINTING, AND BOOKS.
                      Each Number, or Book, will be complete in itself.
                     --
                           THE FREEHOLDER,
The ORGAN of the FREEHOLDERS' UNION, is published on the first of every Month.
price Fourpence, stamped. I t contains forty-eight columns of closeiy-printed matter; and can be
sent, postage free, to any part of the kingdom.
   *' T H E FREEHOLDER " is exclusively devoted to the extension of the County Franchise, and
contains reports of the proceedings of allFreehold Land Societies, with an analysis of tbeir rules,
list of their officers, kc. I t also gives plain and practical directions for qualifying and registering,
so that individuals, whether members of Land Societies o r otherwise, may know how t o obtain a
County Vote, how to have their names put upon the Register, and how to support, if necessary, their
claims in the Revision Court.-Office, 335, Strand, London.
