                            UNIFORM SERIES OF


Specially adapted to adorn the Drawing-room Table, and at the same time enrich
                                  the Library.

The Christian in Palestine ;
    Or, SCENES OB SACRED   HISTORY.Illustrated from Sketches taken by Mr.
      W. H. BARTLCTT,  during his recent Journey in the Holy Land, and com-
      prising 80 highly-finished Engravings on Steel, by GOUSEN, BENTLEY,
                                                                        and
      BRANDARD,   and others. With Explanatory Descriptions, by HENRY
      STEBBING, D.D. F.R.S. One Val. quarto, cloth gilt, 21. 28.
The Danube Illustrated ;
    A Series of SO Plates, tastefully executed in the highest style, with Historical
      Text from the Pen of DR. BEATTIE. One Volume, cloth gilt, 21. 2s.
Switzerland ;
    A Series of 108 fine Steel Plates, from Drawings by W. H. BARTLETT,
                                                                     with
     original letter-press by W. BEATTIE,  ESQ.M.D. In Two Volumes, cloth
      gilt, 31.
The Waldenses ;
    A Series of 72 Engravings of the Scenery of the Valleys of the Alps, after
      Drawings by W. H. BARTLETT,     and others. The Text by W. BEATTIE,M.D.
      I n One Volume, cloth gilt, 21.

Scotland ;
    Comprising 120 Plates, from Drawings by T. ALLOM,
                                                    ESQ.and others. With
     Historical and Descriptive Text by DR. BEATTIE. In Two Vols. cloth
     gilt, 31. 3s.
The Beauties of the Bosphorus.
   By MISSPARDOE.With 80 elaborate Plates, after W. H. BARTLETT,
                                                              ESQ. I n
     One Volume, cloth gilt, 21. 2s.

American Scenery ;
   Comprising 120 highly-finished Plates, after Sketches by W. H. BARTLETT.
     The accompanying Descriptions by N. P. JYILLIS. I n Two handsome
    Volumes, cloth gilt, 31. 3s.
Canadian Scenery ;
   A Companion Work to the former, and forming a fine Series of 120 Plates.
     I n Two Volumes, cloth gilt, 31. 3s.
The Scenery of Ireland.
   By J. STIRLING COYNE.I n 120 superior Plates, by W. H. BARTLETT,  illus-
     trative of the Country, and combining striking peculiarities of the
    National Costumes, Habits, and Traditions. I n Two Volumes, cloth gilt,
     31. 38.

The Ports, Harbours, and Watering Places of Great
 Britain.
   A complete Series of 125 Views of all the points of interest round the entire
     Coast, executed in the Messrs. FINDEA'Sbest style. In Two Volumes, cloth
     gilt, 31. 3s.
Views in Wales;
   Comprising the most Picturesque Scenery of the Principality, with Historical
    and Topographical Notices. In Two Volumes, 4to. half-roan, 21. 10s.

                                               ROW.
             A. HALL, VIRTUE & GO. 25, PATERNOSTER
        LORDON:
