222           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

with his face one high noon of enjoyment, "but he loses that there art
of his to our little Em'ly. H e follers her about, he makes hisself a sort
0' servant to her, he loses in a great measure his relish for his wittles,
and in the long run he makes it clear to me wot 's amiss. Now I could
wish myself, you see, that our little Em'ly was in a fair way of being
married. I could wish to see her, at all ewents, under articles to a honest
man as had a right to defend her. I don't know how long I may live,
or how soon I may die; but I know that if I was capsized, any night, in
a gale of wind in Yarmouth Roads here, and was to see the town-lights
shining for the last time over the rollers as I couldn't make no head
against, I could go down quieter for thinking 'There's a man ashore
there, iron-true to my little Em'ly, God bless her, and no wrong can
touch my Em'ly while so be as that man lives ! ' "
   Mr. Peggotty, in simple earnestness, waved his right arm, as if he
were waving it at the town-lights for the last time, and then, exchanging
a nod with Ham, whose eye he caught, proceeded as before.
   "Well! I counsels him to speak to Em'ly. He's big enough, but
he's bashfuller than a little un, and he don't like. So I speak. 'What !
H i m !' says Em'ly. 'Him that I 've know'd so intimate so many years,
and like so much! Oh, Uncle! I never can have him. He's such a
good fellow !' I gives her a kiss, and I says no more to her than My
dear, you're right to speak out, you're to choose for yourself, you 're as
free as a little bird.' Then I aways to him, and I says, 'I wish it could
have been so, but it can't. But you can both be as you was, and wot I
say to you is, Be as you was with her, like a man.' H e says to me, a
shaking of my hand, 'I will! ' he says. And he was-honorable and
manful-for two year going on, and we was just the same at home here as
afore."
   Mr. Peggotty's face, which had varied in its expression with the
various stages of his narrative, now resumed all its former triumphant
delight, as he laid a hand upon my knee and a hand upon Steerforth's
(previously wetting them both, for the greater emphasis of the action),
and divided the following speech between us :
    " All of a sudden, one evening-as it might be to-night-comes little
Em'ly from her work, and him with her ! There ain't so much in that,
you 'll say. No, because he takes care on her, like a brother, arter dark,
and indeed afore dark, and at all times. But this tarpaulin chap, he takes
hold of her hand, and he cries out to me, joyful, 'Look here ! This is to
be my little wife ! ' And she says, half bold and half shy, and half a
laughing and half a crying, 'Yes, uncle ! If you please.'-If    I please! "
cried Mr. Peggotty, rolling his head in an ecstacy at the idea; "Lord, as
if I should do anythink else !-' If you please, I am steadier now, and I
have thought better of it, and I'll be as good a little wife as I can to
him, for he 's a dear, good fellow ! ' Then Missis Gummidge, she claps
her hands like a play, and you come in. There ! the murder's out ! " said
Mr. Peggotty-"You       come in! It took place this here present hour; and
here 's the man that '11 marry her, the minute she's out of her time."
    Ham staggered, as well he might, under the blow Mr. Peggotty dealt him
in his unbounded joy, as a mark of confidence and friendship ; but feeling
 called upon to say something to us, he said, with much faltering and
 great difficulty :
