                                                                              No. VI1.-NOVEMBER, 1849.

     COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
                                         1%.Foolscap 8vo,price 5s.,

                               A SHORT I N Q U I R Y
                                                           INTO


  THE HISTORY OF AGRICULTURE,
                         2n ancient, BebiaebaT, aitB $HaBern Cimeri.
                                                            DY
                             CHANDOS WREN I-IOSKYNS,                                ESQ.
   "The Work now published is executed with great ability, and displays a n intimate knowledge of the
Subject."                                                                             Morning Herald.
   "We feel assured there is not a landowner or practi~alfarmer extant, who will not confess himself
both pleased and edified after reading Mr. Iloskyns very acceptable contribution t o Agricultural
literature."                                                                               John Bull.
                                          ~
                                              ---
                                              ~
                                                    .--.               --             -

                                    I n Foolscap Ovo, price 4s. 6d. cloth,
                                                           THE


     POETICAL WORKS OF ALEXANDER POPE.
               R E V I S E D AND AItRANGED EXPRESSLY POR YOUNG PERSONS A N D SCHOOLS.

                                     By W. C. 3IiYCBEAI)Y.
  "This neat little volume has peculiar claims to public attention, and the Work of expurgation is very care-
fully done. Mr. Macready has left no blanks, considering them as so many temptations to pry into unclean
places, and while providing the family library with a new and useful volume, he has a t the same tim,e pro-
duced a monument of his own taste and discernment."                                                    rimes.


                                     1% One Vol. avo, price 14s., cloth,

       MEDICAL AND CECONOMICAL BOTANY,
Illustrated with upwards of Three Hundred Diagrams and Woodcuts. Being the THIRD PART of The
                      ELEMENTSOF BOTANY,   Structural, Physiological and Medical.

                      BY JOI-IN LINDLEY, PH.D., F.R.S., &c.,                                 &c.

                                  Also, by the same AutJ~or,
          PARTS I. & 11. Foriniug the ELEMENTS   OF BOTANY,Structural and Physiological.
                                 One Vol. Ovo, price 12s., clotli.

                      LONDON: BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.
-.   -- -
  - -.                                        -
        In One Lwge Volume, with Forty Original Designs, mbgraved on Wood, price 21s.
                              THE LIFE AND A1)VENTUBEX O F

             OLIVER                                        GOLDSMITH.
                                A BIOGRAPHY:                IN FOUR BOOKS.


                                                            I
BOOK
                              APOTHECARY'S 3. AUTHORSHIP
 1. THE SIZAR,STUDENT,THAVELLER,                      BY CHOICE.
      JOURNEYMAN, USHBR,AND POOR~ X Y S I C I A N .               4.   THE FRIEND O F JOIINSON,BURKE, AND REY-
 2. AUTHORSHIPBY COMPUX~SION.                                            NOLDS : DRAMATIST,NOVELIST, AND POET.

                                     BY JOHN FORSTER,
             Of the Inner Temple, Barrister, Author of     " Lives      of Statesmen of the Commonwealth."
  " A fitting, and we think, a permanent companion to the works of the author whose career it commemorates :-
a gentle but a manly apology for the life, which it tracks through each pathetic transition of light and shadow:
written in that spirit of which Goldsmith himself would have approved-pleasing while it instructs us, mild
without tameness, earnest without acerbity."-Edinburgh Review.

                             11, Bouverie Street ; and CHAP~IAN& HAEL)lSG, Strand,
                       & EYANS,
                BRADBURY
