                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            175
she had been since morning, and that she would rather be brought among
us; so they brought her in, looking very white and weak, I thought, and
sat her on a sofa.
    "Annie, my dear," said her mother, doing something to her dress.
" See here !   You have lost a bow. Will anybody be so good as find a
ribbon ; a cherry-colored ribbon ? "
   I t was the one she had worn a t her bosom. We d l looked for it-I
myself looked everywhere, I am certain-but nobody could find it.
    " Do you recollect where you had it last, Annie? " said her mother.
   I wondered how I could have thought she looked white, or anything
but burning red, when she answered that she had had it safe, a little while
ago, she thought, but it was not worth looking for.
   Nevertheless, it was looked for again, and still not found. She
entreated that there might be no more searching; but it was still sought
for, in a desultory way, until she was quite well, and the company took
their departure.
   We walked very slowly home, Mr. Wickfield, Agnes, and I-Agnes
and I admiring the moonlight, and Mr. Wickfield scarcely raising his
eyes from the ground. When we, at last, reached our own door, Agnes
discovered that she had left her little reticule behind. Delighted to be of
any service to her, I ran back to fetch it.
    I went into the supper-room where it had been left, which was deserted
and dark. But a door of communication between that and the Doctor's
study, where there was a light, being open, I passed on there, to say
what I wanted, and to get a candle.
   The Doctor was sitting in his easy chair by the fireside, and his young
wife was on a stool at his feet. The Doctor, with a complacent smile, was
reading aloud some manuscript explanation or statement of a theory out
of that interminable Dictionary, and she was looking up at him. But, with
such a face as I never saw. I t was so beautiful in its form, it was so
ashy pale, it was so fixed in its abstraction, it was so full of a wild, sleep-
walking, dreamy horror of I don't know what. The eyes were wide open,
and her brown hair fell in two rich clusters on her shoulders, and on her
white dress, disordered by the want of the lost ribbon. Distinctly as I
recollect her look, I cannot say of what it was expressive. I cannot even
say of what it is expressive to me now, rising again before my older
judgment. Penitence, humiliation, shame, pride, love, and trustfulness-
 I see them all; and in them all, I see that horror of I don't know what.
    My entrance, and my saying what I wanted, roused her. It disturbed
the Doctor too, for when I went back to replace the candle I had taken
from the table, he was patting her head, in his fatherly way, and saying
he was a merciless drone to let her tempt him into reading on; and he
would have her go to bed.
    But she asked him, in a rapid, urgent manner, to let her stay-to let
her feel assured (I heard her murmur some broken words to this effect) that
she was in his confidence that night. And, as she turned again towards
him, after glancing at me as I left the room and went out at the door, I
saw her cross her hands upon his knee, and look up at him with the same
face, something quieted, as he resumed his reading.
    I t made a great impression on me, and I remembered it a long time
afterwards ; as I shall have occasion to narrate when the time comes.
