160           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     She told me that everything would be arranged for me by Mr. Wick-
field, and that I should want for nothing, and gave me the kindest words
and the best advice.
     "Trot," said my aunt in conclusion, "be a credit to yourself, to me,
and Mr. Dick, and Heaven be with you ! "
    I was greatly overcome, and could only thank her, again and again,
and send my love to Mr. Dick.
    " Never," said my aunt, "be mean in anything ; never be false ; never

be cruel. Avoid those three vices, Trot, and I can always be hopeful of you."
    I promised, as well as I could, that I would not abuse her kindness or
forget her admonition.
    "The pony's at the door," said my aunt, "and I am off! Stay here."
    With these words she embraced me hastily, and went out of the room,
shutting the door after her. At first I was startled by so abrupt a
departure, and almost feared I had displeased her; but when I looked
into the street, and saw how dejectedly she got into the chaise, and drove
away without looking up, I understood her better, and did not do her
that injustice.
    By five o'clock, which was Mr. Wickfield's dinner hour, I had mustered
up my spirits again, and was ready for my knife and fork. The cloth was
only laid for us two ; but Agnes was waiting in the drawing-room before
dinner, went down with her father, and sat opposite to him at table. I
doubted whether he could have dined without her.
     We did not stay there, after dinner, but came up-stairs into the draw-
 ing-room again : in one snug corner of which, Agnes set glasses for
 her father, and a decanter of port wine. I thought he would have missed
 its usual flavor, if it had been put there for him by any other hands.
     There he sat, taking his wine, and taking a good deal of it, for two
 hours; while Agnes played on the piano, worked, and talked to him and
 me. He was, for the most part, gay and cheerful with us; but sometimes
 his eyes rested on her, and he fell into a brooding state, and was silent.
 She always observed this quickly, as I thought, and always roused him with
 a question or caress. Then he came out of his meditation, and drank
 more wine.
     Agnes made the tea, and presided over it; and the time passed away after
it, as after dinner, until she went to bed; when her father took her in his
 arms and kissed her, and, she being gone, ordered candles in his office.
Then I went to bed too.
     But in the course of the evening I had rambled down to the door, and
a little way along the street, that I might have another peep at the old
houses, and the grey Cathedral; and might think of my coming through
that old city on my journey, and of my passing the very house I lived in,
 without knowing it. As I came back, I saw Uriah Heep shutting up the
 office ; and feeling friendly towards everybody, went in and spoke to him,
 and at parting, gave him my hand. But oh, what a clammy hand his
 was ! as ghostly to the touch as to the sight ! I rubbed mine afterwards,
 to warm it, and to rub his of.
     It was such an uncomfortable hand, that, when I went to my room, it
 was still cold and wet upon my memory. Leaning out of window, and
  seeing one of the faces on the beam-ends looking at me sideways, I fancied
  it was Uriah Heep got up there somehow, and shut him out in a hurry.
