198           THE PERSOKAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   '( Well, well, ma'am," said the Doctor, cheerfully, "I am not bigoted
to my plans, and I can overturn them myself. I can substitute some
other plans. If Mr. Jack Maldon comes home on account of ill health, he
must not be allowed to go back, and we must endeavour to make some
more suitable and fortunate provision for him in this country."
   Mrs. Markleham was so overcome by this generous speech-which, I
need not say, she had not at all expected or led up to-that she could only
tell the Doctor it was like himself, and go several times through that
operation of kissing the sticks of her fan, and then tapping his hand with
it. After which she gently chid her daughter Annie, for not being more
demonstrative when such kindnesses were showered, for her sake, on her
old playfellow ; and entertained us with some particulars concerning other
deserving members of her family, whom it mas desirable to set on their
deserving legs.
   All this time, her daughter Annie never once spoke, or lifted up her
eyes. All this time, Mr. Wickfield had his glance upon her as she sat by
his own daughter's side. I t appeared to me that he never thought of
being observed by any one ; but was so intent upon her, and upon his own
thoughts in connexion with her, as to be quite absorbed. He now asked
what Mr. Jack Maldon had actually written in reference to himself, and to
whom he had written it ?
    "Why, here," said Mrs. Markleham, taking a letter from the chimney-
piece above the Doctor's head, " the dear fellow says to the Doctor him-
self-where is it ? Oh !-' I am sorry to inform you that my health is
suffering severely, and that I fear I may be reduced to the necessity of
returning home for a time, as the only hope of restoration.' That's
pretty plain, poor fellow ! His only hope of restoration ! But Annie's
letter is plainer still. Annie, show me that letter again."
   " Not now, mama," she pleaded in a low tone.
    " My dear, you absolutely are, on some subjects, one of the most
ridiculous persons in the world," returned her mother, " and perhaps
the most unnatural to the claims of your own family. We never should
have heard of the letter at all, I believe, unless I had asked for it myself.
Do you call that confidence, my love, towards Doctor Strong? I am
surprised. You ought to know better."
   The letter was reluctantly produced; and as I handed it to the old lady,
I saw how the unwilling hand from which I took it, trembled.
   " Now let us see,"    said Mrs. Markleham, putting her glass to her eye,
"where the passage is. ' The remembrance of old times, my dearest Annie'
-and so forth-it's not there. 'The amiable old Proctor '-who 's he ?
Dear me, Annie, how illegibly your cousin Maldon writes, and how stupid
I am ! ' Doctor,' of course. Ah ! amiable indeed ! " Here she left off,
to kiss her fan again, and shake it at the Doctor, who was looking at us in
a state of placid satisfaction. "Now I have found it. ' YOUmay not be
surprised to hear, Annie ' "-no,    to be sure, knowing that he never was
really strong; what did I say just now ?-'that I have undergone so
much in this distant place, as to have decided to leave it at all hazards ;
on sick leave, if I can; on total resignation, if that is not to be obtained.
What I have endured, and do endure here, is insupportable.' And but
for the promptitude of that best of creatures," said Mrs. Markleham,
