                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          413
the fire, he sat thinking. There was a fine, massive gravity in his face, I
did not venture to disturb.
    " When she was a child," he said, lifting up his head soon after we

wereleft alone, " sheused to talk to me a deal about the sea, and about
them coasts where the sea got to be dark blue, and to lay a shining and
 a shining in the sun. I thowt, odd times, as her father being drownded
 made her think on it so much. I doen't know, you see, but maybe she
 believed-or hoped-he had drifted out to them parts, where the flowers
 is always a blowing, and the country bright."
     " I t is likely to have been a childish fancy," I replied.
     " When she was-lost," said Mr. Peggotty, "I know'd in my mind, as
 he would take her to them countries. I know'd in my mind, as he'd
 have told her wonders of 'em, and how she was to be a lady theer, and how
 he got her listen to him first, along o'sech like. When we see his
 mother, I know'd quite well as I was right. I went across-channel to
 Prance, and landed theer, as if I 'd fell down from the sky."
     I saw the door move, and the snow drift in. I saw it move a little
 more, and a hand softly interpose to keep it open.
     " I found out a English gentleman as was in authority," said Mr.
 Peggotty, " and told him I was a going to seek my niece. He got me them
 papers as I wanted fur to carry me through-I doen't rightly know how
 they 're called-and he would have give me money, but that I was thankful
 to have no need on. I thank him kind, for all he done, I 'm sure ! ' I 've
 wrote afore you,' he says to me, 'and I shall speak to many as will come
 that way, and many will know you, fur distant from here, when you 're a
 travelling alone.' I told him, best as I was able, what my gratitoode was,
 and went away through Prance."
     " Alone, and on foot ? " said I.

     " AXostly a-foot," he rejoined ; " sometimes in carts along with people
  going to market ; sometimes in empty coaches. Many mile a day a-foot,
  and often with some poor soldier or another, travelling to see his friends.
  I couldn't talk to him," said Mr. Peggoty, "nor he to me ; but we was
  company for one another, too, along the dusty roads."
     I should have known that by his friendly tone.
     "When I come to any town," he pursued, " I found the inn, and waited
  about the yard till some one turned up (some one mostly did) as know'd
  English. Then I told how that I was on my way to seek my niece, and
  they told me what manner of gentlefolks was in the house, and I waited to
  see any as seemed like her, going in or out. When it warn't Em'ly, I went
  on agen. By little andlittle, when I come to a new village or that, among
  the poor people, I found they know'd about me. They would set me down
  at their cottage doors, and give me what-not fur to eat and drink, and
  show me where to sleep; and many a woman, llas'r Davy, as has had a
  daughter of about Em'ly's age, I've found a-waiting for me, at Our
  Saviour's Cross outside the village, fur to do me sim'lar kindnesses.
  Some has had daughters as was dead. And God only knows how good
  them mothers was to me ! "
     I t was Martha at the door. I saw her haggard, listening face dis-
  tinctly. My dread was lest he should turn his head, and see her too.
      "They would often put their children-partic'lar their little girls,"
  said lb.Peggotty, "upon my knee ; and many a time you might have seen
