                                                                                 No. X1V.-JUNE,      1850.

    COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
                    J. & D.DARLING have Just Published,
                                                 Price 7s. 6d.,

         P E N E L O P E WEDGEBONE,     THE SUPPOSED HEIRESS.
                                          By   Lieut.-Col. I I O R T .
    Author of "The Horse Guards," "The Days when we had Tails on us," "The White Charger," &c.
  Handsoniely bound in cloth, illustrated with Eight Coloured Etchings on Steel by ALFREDASHLEY.

                                                 Price 10s. 6d.

             T H E BYHTHEO R S E G U A R D S .
                                             T W O MOUNTED SENTRIES.
                               Embellished with Twelve Coloured Illustrations.
                           T h u s saith t h e Duke-thos    hatli t h e D u k e inferred."
   r'Tlie Horse Guards proves to be a work written evidently by an officer, and which contains a vast amount of
practical knowledge, sound sense, and truisms not edsily refuted. Severe and satirical in its tone. elegant and
terse in its arrangement; and profoundly convincing in the arguments, based upon correct data.' No military
man can arise from a perusal without acknowledging that in this volume he has found a graphic detail of the
grievances of the profession, and a just animadversion upon the many wrongs perpetrated upon officers.
The book itself must be purchased by subalterns a s well as general oficers, and carefully read."-British Avmy
 Dz&pntch.
   '*' The Two Mounted Sentries' is the taking title of a capital satire upon the mismanagement of the Horse
 Guards. I t embraces a wide field of commentary upon all the existing army abuses. We hope t o have a
little more space a t our command next, and to bestow upon the work the full notice it appears to deserve."--
 United Service Gazette.
   " Read extensively it will be, if only on account of the title it bears."-Naval and Ilfilitarq Gazette.
                                                    Price 2s.

         T H E WHITE CHARGER,
  TaaT COSTME      f200: LOSTME 6 7 0 , 0 0 0 ; DROVEME F R O MSOCIETY;EVENTUALI.Y
                                                                                 DEPRIVEDI I E OF
                   M Y FRIENDS
                             j A N D FINALLY      COMPELLED h%ETO QUIT THE SERVICE.
          By the author of "The Horse Guards," "The Days when we had Tails on us," &c.
                  With Two Coloured Illustrations, etched on Steel by ALBREDASHLEY.
  "Opportunities make us known to ourselves and others."--Rochejoucault.

                  To be ready on the 15th June, and may be h a d a t all Circulating Libraries.

                    THE SECRETARY,
                            A NOVEL, in 3 vols.           By      Lieut.-Col. N O R T .
       Author of" The Horse Guards," "The days when we had Tails on us," "The White Charger,"
                                     " Penelope Wedgebone," &c.
                                  LONDON: 126, BISHOPSGATE STREET.


                SMITH, ELDER, & Co., have Just Publislied,

  T H E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF LEIGH HUNT.
                  In 3 vols., post avo, with Three Portraits, price 31s. Ed, in embossed cloth.



      WOMAN I N FRANCE during the 18th Century,
                                        BY J U L I A K A Y A N A G H .
    In 2 vols., post avo, with Eight Portraits of Remarkable French Women, price 24s. in embossed cloth.



JANE EYRE : an Autobiography. By CURRER BELL.
                                    4th Edition, 1 vol., post avo, Fs., cloth.

                           LONDON : SMITH, ELDER, AND CO., 65, CORNHILL.
