296            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

to his family, and I will even go so far as to say in justice to society, by
which he has been hitherto overlooked, is to advertise in all the papers ;
to describe himself plainly as so and so, with such and such qualifications,
and to put it thus : 'Now employ me, on remunerative terms, and address,
post-paid, to W. M., Post Office, Camden Town.' "
    "This idea of Mrs. Micawber's, my dear Copperfield," said Mr.
Micawber, making his shirt-collar meet in front of his chin, and glancing
at me sideways, " is, in fact, the Leap to which I alluded, when I last had
the pleasure of seeing you."
    "Advertising is rather expensive," I remarked, dubiously.
    " Exactly so ! " said Mrs. Micawber, preserving the same logical air.
" Quite true, my dear Mr. Copperfield ! I have made the identical observa-
tion to Mr. Micawber. I t is for that reason especially, that 1 think Mr.
Micawber ought (as I have already said, in justice to himself, in justice to
his family, and in justice to society) to raise a certain sum of money-on
a bill."
    Mr. Micawber, leaning back in his chair, trifled with his eye-glass, and
cast his eyes up at the ceiling; but I thought him observant of Traddles
too, who was looking at the fire.
    '&lt; If no member of my family," said Mrs. Micawber, " is possessed of
sufficient natural feeling to negotiate that bill-I believe there is a better
business-term to express what I mean-"
    Mr. Micawber, with his eyes still cast up at the ceiling, suggested
 " Discount."
     " To discount that bill," said Mrs. Micawber, " then my opinion is, that

 Mr. Micawber should go into the City, should take that billinto the Money
 Market, and should dispose of it for what he can get. If the individuals
 in the Money Market oblige Mr. Micawber to sustain a great sacrifice,
 that is between themselves and their consciences. I view it, steadily, as
 an investment. I recommend Mr. Micawber, my dear Mr. Copperfield, to
 do the same ; to regard it as an investment which is sure of return, and
 to make up his mind to any sacrifice."
     I felt, but I am sure I don't know why, that this was self-denying and
 devoted in Mrs. Micawber, and I uttered a murmur to that effect. Trad-
 dles, who took his tone from me, did likewise, still looking at the fire.
     " I will not," said Mrs. Micawber, finishing her punch, and gathering
 her scarf about her shoulders, preparatory to her withdrawal to my bed-
 room : " I will not protract these remarks on the subject of Mr. Micawber's
 pecuniary affairs. At your fireside, my dear Mr. Copperfield, and in the
 presence of Mr. Traddles, who, though not so old a friend, is quite one
 of ourselves, I could not refrain from making you acquainted with
 the course I advise Mr. Micawber to take. I feel that the t ~ m eis arrived
 when Mr. Micawber should exert himself and-I will add-assert himself,
 and it appears to me that these are the means. I am aware that I am
 merely a female, and that a masculine judgment is usually considered more
 competent to the discussion of such questions ; still I must not forget that,
 when I lived at home with my papa and mama, my papa was in the habit
 of saying, ' Emma's form is fragile, but her grasp of a subject is inferior to
 none.' That my papa was too partial, I well know; but that he was an
  observer of character in some degree, my duty and my reason equally forbid
 me to doubt."
