12                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.


          ENGLISH                               POETRY                           BOOKS,
                SELECTED FOR USE I N T H E COLLEGIATE SCHOOLS, LIVERPOOL.

                FIRST BOOK, for those between t h e ages of 8 and lo years. Is.
                SECOND BOOK, between 10 and 12 years. Is. 6d.
                THIRD BOOK, between 12 and 14 years. 1s. 6d.
                FOURTH BOOK, for those above the age of 14. 1s. 6d.
  New Editions have lately been published. Besides careful selections from Dryden, Sbakspere, Gray.
Cowper, Milton, Goldsmith, Scott, &c., these volumes a r e enriched (by permission, of t h e proprietors) with
selections from MACAULAY,   KEBLE,CAMPBELL,     SOUTHEY,    TAYLOR,and other copyr~ghtauthors.
  *** One copy of either of these Volumes will be sent free by post to any School, on receiving the amount in
                                               postage stamps.
Published by LONGMAN & Co., Paternoster Row, London; and WAREING WEBB, Castle Street, Liverpool.

                                            J u s t ready, price 10s. 6d.,
           THE ART OF ETCHING ON COPPER.
                                          BY ALFRED ASHLEY.
  Illustrated with Fourteen Etchings by the Author. Elegantly bound in a Cover designed by OWENJONES.
   Much attention having been directed t o Etching, by t h e recent case, PRINCEALBERTv. STRANGE,        t h e Author
deems t h e present a favourable opportunity for the introduction of the above work, feeling assured, that s o
high a n example of taste for the Art, a s that set by her Majesty and her Royal Consort, will cause many t o
seek for information concerning t h e process : this the Author has attempted, and, by avoiding technicalities,
a n d laying down certain rules, hopes t o render this beautiful Art clear and familiar to all desirous of engaging
i n it.
                                  Ready in a few days, 8v0, cloth, price 14s.,

                           OLD LONDON BRIDGE.
                                        B Y G. H. RODWELL, ESQ.
Illustrated with a n elaborate Frontispiece of the Bridge, built by Peter of Colechurcb, and Twenty-four Stee
                                            Engravings by ASHLEY.
                              *** The Work may be had, half-hound Morocco, 17s.
                                           J u s t ready, Part 5, price Is.,
          KING DOBBS-SKETCHES                                      IN ULTRA MARINE.
                                          BY JAMES HANNAY.
             Late of Her Majesty's    Navy. Author of '' Biscuits and Grog,"
                                                                        " A Claret-Cup," &c.
                               J. & D. A. DARLING, 126, Blshopsgate Street.

                        Now Ready.       New Editioa for 1849 ;thoroughly ~evised.

     PEERAGE, BARONETAGE, KNIGHTAGE,                                                                     &c.
                                        1849 (NINTH YEAR).
                                         FOR
                               BY C H A R L E S R. R O D , ESQ.
                           AUTHOR OP " T H E      PARLIAMENTARY         COMPANION,"   &c.
                                                    __C_

                          T h e Work co?~taiasBiographical Statemeats ~espectiag
         EVERY PEER; EVERY PEERESS; EVERY BISHOP (ENGLISH, IRISH, SCOTTISH,
                                    AND COLONIAL);
                       EVERY LORD O F T H E COURT OF SESSION;
                 EVERY BARONET O F ENGLAND, IRELAND, AND SCOTLAND;
       EVERY MEMBER O F T H E PRIVY COUNCIL OF GREAT BRITAIN AND O F IRELAND;
                              EVERY KNIGHT O F T H E BATH;
                    EVERY KNIGHT O F ST. MICHAEL AND ST. GEORGE.
              EVERY KNIGHT BACHELOR O F GREAT BRITAIN AND O F IRELAND ;
         AND EVERY PERSON WHO BY COURTESY BEARS THE PREFIX O F LORD, LADY,
                                   OR HONOURABLE.
                                         I t likewise ilzcludes Articles on
PRECEDENCE, (GENERAL, KNIGHTLY, JUDICIAL AND LEGAL, CLERICAL, UNIVERSITY, NAVAL,
                       MILITARY, IRISH, AND EAST INDIAN);
       ON THE FORMAL MODES O F ADDRESSING LETTERS TO PERSONS O F TITLE j
           ON TITULAR DISTINCTIONS AND TERMS RELATING TO RANKS, &c.
                                         There are also 24 Plates of the
        CORONETS, BADGES, COLLARS, STARS, AND DEVICES PECULIAR TO EACH RANK.
                    Foolscap   8v0,   handsomely bownd k cloth and gilt,price 10s. 6d.
                          WHITTAKER & CO., A T E MARIA LANE, LONDON.
