                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           335
 take a night-walk to Norwood, and, like the subject of a venerable riddle
 of my childhood to go "round and round the house, without ever touching
 the house," thinking about Dora. I believe the theme of this incompre-
 hensible conundrum was the moon. No matter what i t was, I, the
 moon-struck slave of Dora, perambulated round and round the house and
 garden for two hours, looking through crevices in the palings, getting my
 chin by dint of violent exertion above the rusty nails on the top, blowing
 kisses at the lights in the windows, and romantically calling on the night,
 at intervals, to shield my Dora-I don't exactly know what from, I sup-
 pose from fire. Perhaps from mice, to which she had a great objection.
     My love was so much on my mind, and it was so natural to me to
 confide in Peggotty, when I found her again by my side of an evening
 with the old set of industrial implements, busily making the tour of my
 wardrobe, that I imparted to her, in a sufficiently roundabout way, my
 great secret. Peggotty was strongly interested, but I could not get her
 into my view of the case at all. She was audaciously prejudiced in my
 favour, and quite unable to understand why I should have any misgivings,
 or be low-spirited about it. ' The young lady might think herself well
 off,' she observed, ' t o have such a beau. And as to her Pa,' she said,
  'what did the gentleman expect, for gracious sake ! '
     I observed, however, that Mr. Spenlow's Proctorial gown and stiff cravat
 took Peggotty down a little, and inspired her with a greater reverence for the
 man who was gradually becoming more and more etherealized in my eyes
 every day, and about whom a reflected radiance seemed to me to beam when
 he sat erect in Court among his papers, like a little light-house in a sea of
 stationery. And by-the-by, it used to be uncommonly strange to me to con-
 sider, I remember, as I sat in Court too, how those dim old judges and doc-
tors wouldn't have cared for Dora, if they had known her; how they wouldn't
have gone out of their senses with rapture, if marriage with Dora had
been proposed to them; how Dora might have sung, and played upon
that glorified guitar, until she led me to the verge of madness, yet not
have tempted one of those slow-goers an inch out of his road !
    I despised them, to a man. Frozen-out old gardeners in the flower-
beds of the heart, I took a personal offence against them all. The Bench
was nothing to me but an insensible blunderer. The Bar had no more
tenderness or poetry in it, than the Bar of a public-house.
    Taking the management of Peggotty's affairs into my own hands, with
no little pride, I proved the will, and came to a settlement with the Legacy
Duty-office, and took her to the Bank, and soon got everything into an
orderly train. We varied the legal character of these proceedings by going
to see some perspiring Wax-work, in Fleet Street (melted, I should hope,
these twenty years) ; and by visiting Miss Linwood's Exhibition, which I
remember as a Mausoleum of needlework, favorable to self-examination
and repentance; and by inspecting the Tower of London; and going t o
the top of St. Paul's. All these wonders afforded Peggotty as much
pleasure as she was able to enjoy, under existing circumstances : except, I
think, St. Paul's, which, from her long attachment to her workbox, became
a rival of the plcture on the lid, and was, in some particulars, vanquished,
she considered, by that work of art.
    Peggotty's business, which was what we used to call " common form
