                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                  3
 I   _
         - - --
            -    -        11_--11
                                     -- - --                  ____I        --       --       ____
                                              Early i n November,

                       LUKE LIMNER'S                          NEW WORK.




                                  SHOWING
WHAT MR. BROWN DID, THOUGHT, AND INTENDED TO DO, DURING THAT FESTIVE SEASON.
                      Now first Edited from the Original M.S.S. (or M.E.S.S.),
                                WITH     NOTES AND         ILLUSTRATIONS,

                                   BY LUKE LIMNER, ESQ.
                 LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG & Co., PANCRAS LANE, CHEAPSIDE.


                      SECOND EDITION, REVISED AND ENLARGED.
   This day is Published, Second Edition, considerably Enlarged, with Portrait of the Author; Cloth,
                                         Gilt lettered. Price 5s.

         R U I N S OF M A N Y L A N D S .
                         A PILGRIMAGE.             BY NICHOLAS MICHELL.
CONTENTS:-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Nubia-Egypt-             Ruined Cities of America-Rock-Temples of India-
           -         -
  Atbens Corinth Sparta-Greek Isles -Troy-Rome               -           -
                                                              Pompeii Psestum -Roman Amphitheatres-
  Roman Rums in the South of France- Carthage-Ephesus-Tyre-                Baalbec -Palmyra-Persepolis-
  Susa-Geraza-Jerusalem, &c.
           "One of the most interesting and exquisite volumes of modern days."-Era.
           " I t conveys in a delightful manner a rich store of information."-Sun.
                  LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG, and Co., Cheapside; and all Booksellers.


 Cheap Edition of the Novels and Tales
                                G. P. R. J A M E S , ESQ.
MESSRS.SIMMS& M'INTYREbeg to announce, that having purchased the Copy right of all Mr. JAMES'S
WORKSOF FICTION,i t is their intention topublish them in the " PARLOUR    LIBRARY,''varied at intervals by
works of other celebrated authors.
    To meet the views of those who may desire to have these admirable works bound i n a more lasting manner
than that hitherto adopted in the "PARLOUR  LIBRARY" it is intended t o issue them also in volumes bound i n
Fancy Cloth, with Gilt Back, at EIGHTEEN-PENCE    eat;. The consecutive numbering will be dropped, so that
a selection may be made from the Series without having the appearance of being imperfect.
                      ON DECEMBER IST, 1849, W I L L BE PUBLISHED,

                                    T H E GIPSY.
            Price One Shilling i n Boards; or, One Shilling and Sdxpence in Fancy Cloth, Gilt Back.

     SIMMS & M'INTYRE, PATERNOSTER ROW, LONDON ; AND DONEGAL STREET, BELFAST.
GEORGE  PHILIP AND SON, LIVERPOOL.        J. MENZIES, EDINBUROR. R. GRIFFIN A I D CO., GLABGOW.
                                   J A M E S M'GLASHAN, DUBLIN.
