558           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND XXPERIENCE

my mind; and this, if I had required to be confirmed in my intention,
would have had the effect. He went round to the coach-office, at my
request, and took the box-seat for me on the mail. I n the even~ngP
started, by that conveyance, down the road I had traversed under so many
vicissitudes.
    " Don't you think that," I asked the coachman, in the first stage out
of London, " a very remarkable sky? I don't remember to have sren one
like it."
    " Nor I-not    equal to it," he replied. " That 'S wind, sir. There 'l1
be mischief done at sea, I expect, before long."
    It was a murky confusion-here and there blotted with a colour like
the colour of the smoke from damp fuel-of flying clouds, tossed up into
most remarkable heaps, suggesting greater heights in the cloucls than there
were depths below them to the bottom of the deepest hollows in the earth,
through which the wild moon seemed to plunge headlong, as if, in :i
dread disturbance of the laws of nature, she had lost her way and were
frightened. There had been a wind all day; and it was rising then, with
an extraordinary great sonnd. I n another hour it had much increased,
and the sky was more overcast, and it blew hard.
    But, as the night advanced, the clouds closing in and densely over-
spreading the whole sky, then very dark, it came on to blow, harder and
harder. It still increased, until our horses could scarcely face the wind.
Many times, in the dark part of the night (it was then late in September,
 when the nights were not short), the leaders turned about, or cdme to a
 dead stop; and we were often in serious apprehension that the coach
 would be blown over. Sweeping gusts of rain came up before this storm,
 like showers of steel; and, at those times, when there was any shelter of
 trees or lee walls to be got, we were fain to stop, in a sheer impossibility
 of continuing the struggle.
    When the day broke, it blew harder and harder. I had been in Yar-
 mouth when the seamen said it blew great gums, but I had never known
 the like of this, or anything approaching to it. We came to Norwich-
 very late, having had to fight every inch of ground since we were ten
 miles out of London ; and foulid a cluster of people in the market-place,
 who had risen from their beds in the night, fearful of falling chimneys.
 Some of these, congregating about the inn-y ard while we changed horses,
 told us of great sheets of lead having been ripped off a high church-tower,
 and flung into a bye street, which they then blocked up. Others had to
 tell of country people, coming in from neighbouring villages, who had
 seen great trees lying torn out of the earth, and whole r~cksscattered
 about the roads and fields. Still, there was no abatement In the storm,
 but it blew harder.
    As we struggled on, nearer and nearer to the sea, from which this
 mighty wind was blowing dead on shore, its force became more and more
 terrific. Long before we saw the sea, its spray was on our lips, and
 showered salt rain upon us. The water was out, over miles and miles of
 the flat country adjacent to Yarmouth ; and every sheet and puddle lashed
 its banks, and had its stress of little breakers setting heavlly towards us.
 When we came within sight of the sea, the waves on the horizon, caught
 at intervals above the rolling abyss, were like glimpses OF another shore
