                    New Illustrated Works,
Sold by CUNDALL                  AND     ADDEY,            21   Old Bond Street.

CHRISTMAS W I T H T H E POETS : a ColleAion of Engliih Poetry
   relating to the Fefiival of Chrifimas. Illufirated with upwards of Fifty highly-finiihed
   Engravings, printed in Tints, and Illuminated Borders and Initials. Super-royal 8vo.
   handfomely bound, 25s.
WINGED THOUGHTS.                    By M. A. BACON. With Illufiration~ by
   OWENJONES. Uniform with "Flowers and their Kindred Thoughts," and "Fruits
   from the Garden and Field." Super-royal 8vo. handfomely bound, 31s. 6d.
LYRICS OF T H E HEART, AND OTHER POEMS.                                      By ALARIC
                                                                                     A.
   WATTS. Illufirated with Forty highly-finiihed Line Engravings, executed exprefsly for
   the Work, from the Deiigns of many of the mofi celebrated Modern Painters, by the
   mofi eminent Engravers of the Age. Square crown 8vo. Printed and Embell~lhed
   uniformly with Rogers' " Italy," and "Poems."
SENTIMENTS AND SIMILES OF WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE.
   Clafified by HENRYNOELHUMPHREYS.With an elaborately Illuminated Border in the
   charatterifiic fiyle of the Period, and other Embelliihments, and bound in a rich and
   mafive cover, carved and pierced, and enriched with a highly-emboffed Portrait of
   Shakefpeare.
T H E LANDSCAPE PAINTERS OF ENGLAND: Twenty Etchings
   of their mofi charatteriitic Works, by LOUISMARVY;with Delcriptive Criticilms by
   W. M. THACKERAY.      Royal 4to. price 31s. 6d.; coloured, 63s.
T H E STONES OF VENICE.                      By JOHNRUSKIN,
                                                         Author of                   Modern
   Painters."   Vol. I.-The   Foundations.
LONGFELLOW'S POETICAL WORKS, complete in One Volume,
   including " Evangeline," "Voices of the Night," and other Poems ; beautifully Illus-
   trated by BIRKETFOSTER,JANE BENHAM,and JOHN GILBERT. Square crown 8vo.
   cloth, 21s. ; morocco, 30s.
     EVANGELINE, in One Volume, extra boards, 10s. 6d. ; morocco, 16s.
     VOICES O F T H E NIGHT, AND OTHER POEMS, in One Volume, extra
       boards, 12s. j morocco, I 8s.
SIR ROGER DE COVERLEY.                        By the SpeEtator. With Notes and
   Illufirations by W . HENRYWILLSj and Woodcuts from Deiigns by FREDERIC      TAYLER,
   engraved by JOHN THOMPSON.   Crown 8vo. extra boards, I ss. ; morocco, 27s.
ILLUSTRATED DITTIES OF T H E OLDEN TIME.                                        With PiAo-
   rial Borders and Illufirations, from Original Deiigns by a Lady.     Small 4 t o cloth, extra
   gilt, 14s. ; or with the Plates coloured, 21s.
MR. LAYARD'S NARRATIVE OF HIS DISCOVERIES AND RE-
   SEARCHES A T NINEVEH.             Fourth Edition. With Plates and Woodcuts.           z vols.
   8vo. cloth, 36s.
MR. MARRYAT'S                 HISTORY OF MODERN POTTERY AND
   PORCELAIN.        With Coloured Plates and many Woodcuts.          8vo. cloth.   31s. 6d.
MRS. JAMESON'S SACRED AND LEGENDARY ART ; or, Legends
   of the Saints and Martyrs. A New Edition, in One Volume, with numerous Wood
   Engravings and Sixteen Etchings by the Author. Square crown 8vo. cloth. 28s.
MRS. JAMESON'S LEGENDS OF T H E MONASTIC ORDERS, as
   reprelented in the FINE ARTS ; forming the Second Series of Sacred and Legendary
   Art. With numerous Wood Engravings and Eleven Etchings by the Author. Square
   crown 8vo. cloth. 28s.
MR. GORDON CUMMING'S FIVE YEARS' ADVENTURES I N
   T H E FAR INTERIOR O F SOUTH AFRICA.                   Second Edition.     With numerous
   W O O ~ C U ~2Svols.
                  .     p0ft 8vo. cloth. 24s.
