                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                              223
    " She warn't no higher than you was, Mas'r Davy-when            you first come
-when I thought what she 'd grow up to be. I see her grow up-
gent'lmen-like a flower. I 'dlay down my life for her-Mas'r                Davy-
Oh ! most content and cheerful ! She 's more to me-gent'lmen-than-
she's all to me that ever I can want, and more than ever I-than ever I
could say. I-Ilove her true. There ain't a gent'lman in all the land-
nor yet sailing upon all the sea-that can love his lady more than I love her,
though there 's many a common man-would say better-what he meant."
    I thought it affecting to see such a sturdy fellow as Ham was now,
trembling in the strength of what he felt for the pretty little creature who
had won his heart. I thought the simple confidence reposed in us by
Mr. Peggotty and by himself, was, in itself, affecting. I was affected by
the story altogether. How far my emotions were influenced by the recol-
lections of my childhood, I don't know. Whether I had come there with
any lingering fancy that I was still to love littleEm'ly,I don't know. I know
that I was filled with pleasure by all this ; but, at first, with an indescribably
sensitive pleasure, that a very little would have changed to pain.
    Therefore, if it had depended upon me to touch the prevailing chord
among them with any skill, I should have made a poor hand of it. But
it depended upon Steerforth; and he did it with such address, that in a
few minutes we were all as easy and as happy as it was possible to be.
    " Mr. Peggotty,"      he said, "you are a thoroughly good fellow, and
deserve to be as happy as you are to-night. My hand upon it ! Ham,
I give you joy, my boy. My hand upon that, too ! Daisy, stir the fire, and
make it a brisk one! and Mr. Peggotty, unless you can induce your
gentle niece to come back (for whom I vacate this seat in the corner), I
 shall go. Any gap at your fireside on such a night-such a gap least
of all-I wouldn't make, for the wealth of the Indies ! "
    So Mr. Peggotty went into my old room to fetch little Em'ly. At
first little Em'ly didn't like to come, and then I-Iam went. Presently
they brought her to the fireside, very much confused, and very shy,-but
she soon became more assured when she found how gently and respect-
fully Steerforth spoke to her ; how skilfully he avoided anything that would
 embarrass her; how he talked to Mr. Peggotty of boats, and ships, and
 tides, and fish; how he referred to me about the time when he had seen
 Mr. Peggotty at Salem House; how delighted he was with the boat and
 all belonging to it ; how lightly and easily he carried on, until he brought
 us, by degrees, into a charmed circle, and we were all talking away
 without any reserve.
    Em'ly, indeed, said little all the evening ; but she looked, and listened,
 and her face got animated, and she was charming. Steerforth told a story
 of a dismal shipwreck (which arose out of his talk with Mr. Peggotty), as
if he saw it all before him-and little Em'ly's eyes were fastened on him
 all the time, as if she saw it too. He told us a merry adventure of his own,
 as a relief to that, with as much gaiety as if the narrative were as fresh to
 him as it was to us-and little Em'ly laughed until the boat rang with
 the musical sounds, and we all laughed (Steerforth too), in irresistible
 sympathy with what was so pleasant and light-hearted. He got Mr.
 Peggotty to sing, or rather to roar, " When the stormy winds do blow,
 do blow, do blow; " and he sang a sailor's song himself, so pathetically
 and beautifully, that I could have almost fancied that the real wind
