                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            183
sanguine), I find a young, but valued friend turn up, who is connected with
the most eventful period of my life; I may say, with the turning point of
my existence. Copperfield, my dear fellow, how do you do?"
   I cannot say-I really cannot say-that I was glad to see Mr. Micawber
there ; but I was glad to see him too, and shook hands with him heartily,
inquiring how Mrs. Micawber was.
   " Thank you," said Mr. Micawber, waving his hand as of old, and
settling his chin in his shirt-collar. " She is tolerably convalescent. The
twins no longer derive their sustenance from Nature's founts-in short,"
said Mr. Micawber, in one of his bursts of confidence, "they are weaned
-and Mrs. Micawber is, at present, my travelling companion. She will
be rejoiced, Copperfield, to renew her acquaintance with one who has proved
himself in all respects a worthy minister at the sacred altar of friendship."
   I said I should be delighted to see her.
   " You are very good," said Mr. Micawber.

   Mr. Micawber then smiled, settled his chin again, and looked about him.
   " I have discovered my friend Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber gen-
teelly, and without addressing himself particularly to any one, "not in
solitude, but partaking of a social meal in company with a widow lady,
and one who is apparently her offspring-in short," said Mr. Micawber,
in another of his bursts of confidence, "her son. I shall esteem it an
honor to be presented."
   I could do no less, under these circumstances, than make Mr. Micawber
known to Uriah Heep and his mother ; which I accordingly did. As they
abased themselves before him, Mr. Micawber took a seat, and waved his
hand in his most courtly manner.
   " Any friend of my friend Copperfield's," said Mr. Micawber, " has a
personal claim upon myself."
   "We are too umble, sir," said Mrs. Heep, " my son and me, to be the
friends of Master Copperfield. H e has been so good as take his tea with us,
and we are thankful to him for his company ;also to you, sir, for your notice."
   " Ma'am," returned Mr. Micawber, with a bow, " you are very obliging:

and what are you doing, Copperfield? Still in the wine trade? "
   I was excessively anxious to get Mr. Micawber away; and replied, with
my hat in my hand, and a very red face I have no doubt, that I was a
pupil at Doctor Strong's.
   " A pupil? " said Mr. Micawber, raising his eyebrows. " I am ex-
tremely happy to hear it. Although a mind like my friend Copperfield's "
-to Uriah and Mrs. Heep-" does not require that cultivation which, with-
out his knowledge of men and things, it would require, still it is a rich soil
teeming with latent vegetation-in short," said Mr. Micawber, smiling, in
another burst of confidence, " it is an intellect capable of getting up the
classics to any extent."
   Uriah, with his long hands slowly twining over one another, made a
ghastly writhe from the waist upwards, to express his concurrence in this
estimation of me.
   " Shall we go and see Mrs. Micawber, sir? " I said, to get Mr. Micawber

away.
   "If you will do her that favor, Copperfield," replied Mr. Micawber,
rising. "I have no scruple in saying, in the presence of our friends here,
that I am a man who has, for some years, contended against the pressure
