312            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  Peggotty, too, when she came down ; and I have seen it since ; and I think,
 in the expectation of that dread surprise, all other changes and surprises
 dwindle into nothing.
     I shook hands with Mr. Peggotty, and passed into the kitchen, while he
 softly closed the door. Little Emily was sitting by the fire, with her
 hands before her face. Ham was standing near her.
    We spoke in whispers ; listening, between whiles, for any sound in the
 room above. I had not thought of it on the occasion of my last visit, but
 how strange it was to me now, to miss Mr. Barkis out of the kitchen !
     " This is very kind of you, Mas'r Davy," said Mr. Peggotty.
     " I t is oncommon kind," said Ham.
     " Em'ly, my dear," cried &fr. Peggotty.     " See here ! Here 's Mas'r
 Davy come ! What, cheer up, pretty ! Not a wured to Mas'r Davy ? "
    There was a trembling upon her, that I can see now. The coldness of
 her hand when I touched it, I can feel yet. I t s only sign of animation
 was to shrink from mine ; and then she glided from the chair, and, creeping
 to the other side of her uncle, bowed herself, silently and trembling still,
upon his breast.
    " I t 's such a loving art," said Mr. Peggotty, smoothing her rich hair
with his great hard hand, "that it can't abear the sorrer of this. I t ' s
nat'ral in young folk, Mas'r Davy, when they're new to these here trials,
 and timid, like my little bird,-it 's nat'ral."
    She clung the closer to him, but neither lifted up her face, nor spoke a
word.
    " I t 's getting late, my dear," said Mr. Peggotty, "and here 's Ham
 come fur to take you home. Theer ! Go along with t' other loving art !
 What, Em'ly ? Eh, my pretty ? "
    The sound of her voice had not reached me, but he bent his head as if
 he listened to her, and then said :
    "Let you stay with your uncle? Why, you doen't mean to ask me
 that ! Stay with your uncle, Moppet? When your husband that 1' 1 be so
 soon, is here fur to take you home? Now a person wouldn't think it, fur
 to see this little thing alongside a rough-weather chap like me," said Mr.
Peggotty, looking round at both of us, with infinite pride ; " but the sea
ain't more salt in it than she has fondness in her for her uncle-a foolish
little Em'ly ! "
    "Em'ly 's in the right in that, Mas'r Davy ! " said Ham. " Lookee
here ! As Em'ly wishes of it, and as she 's hurried and frightened, like,
besides, I 1' 1 leave her till morning. Let me stay too ! "
    "No, no," said Mr. Peggotty. " You doen't ought-a married man
like you-or what's as good-to take and hull away a day's work. And
you doen't ought to watch and work both. That won't do. You go
home and turn in. You ain't afeerd of Em'ly not being took good care
on, I know."
    Ham yielded to this persuasion, and took his hat to go. Even when he
kissed her,-and I never saw him approach her, but I felt that nature had
given him the soul of a gentleman,-she seemed to cling closer to her
uncle, even to the avoidance of her chosen husband. I shut the door
after him, that it might cause no disturbance of the quiet that prevailed;
and when I turned back, I found Mr. Peggotty still talking to her.
