42            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 Captain was a Captain and a hero, in despite of all the grammars of all
 the languages in the world, dead or alive.
    This was my only and my constant comfort. When I think of it, the
 picture always rises in my mind, of a summer evening, the boys at play in
 the churchyard, and I sitting onmy bed, reading as if for life. Every barn
in the neighbourhood, every stone in the church, and every foot of the
 churchyard, had some association of its own, in my mind, connected with
 these books, and stood for some locality made famous in them. I have
 seen Tom Pipes go climbing up the church-steeple ; I have watched Strap,
with the knapsack on his back, stopping to rest himself upon the wicket-
gate; and I know that Commodore Trunnion held that club with
Mr. Pickle, in the parlor of our little village alehouse.
    The reader now understands as well as I do, what I was when I came
to that point of my youthful history to which I am now coming again.
   One morning when I went into the parlor with my books, I found
my mother looking anxious, Miss Murdstone looking firm, and Mr.
Murdstone binding something round the bottom of a cane-a lithe and
limber cane, which he left off binding when I came in, and poised and
switched in the air.
   " I tell you, Clara," said Mr. Murdstone, "I have been often flogged
myself."
   " To be sure ; of course," said Miss Murdstone.
    " Certainly, my dear Jane," faltered my mother, meekly. " But-but
do you think it did Edward good ?"
    "Do you think it did Edward harm, Clara?" asked Mr. Murdstone,
gravely.
    "That's the point !" said his sister.
   T o this my mother returned, "Certainly, my dear Jane," and saidno more.
    I felt apprehensive that I was personally interested in this dialogue,
and sought Mr. Murdstone's eye as it lighted on mine.
    "Now, David," he said-and I saw that cast again, as he saidit-" you
must be far more careful to-day than usual." H e gave the cane another
poise, and another switch; and having finished his preparation of it, laid it
down beside him, with an expressive look, and took up his book.
   This was a good freshener to my presence of mind, as a beginning. I
felt the words of my lessons slipping off, not one by one, or line by line,
but by the entire page. I tried to lay hold of them ;but they seemed, if I
may so express it, to have put skates on, and to skim away from me with a
smoothness there was no checking.
   We began badly, and went on worse. I had come in, with an idea of
distinguishing myself rather, conceiving that I was very well prepared ;
but it turned out to be quite a mistake. Book after book was added to
the heap of failures, Miss Murdstone being firmly watchful of us all the
time. And when we came at last to the five thousand cheeses (canes he
made it that day, I remember), my mother burst out crying.
    " Clara ! " said Miss Murdstone, in her warning voice.
    " I am not quite well, my dear Jane, I think," said my mother.
   I saw him wink, solemnly, at his sister, as he rose and said, taking up
the cane :
    "Why, Jane, we can hardly expect Clara to bear, with perfect firmness,
