326           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

feeling in a little thing like me ! They make a plaything of me, use me
for their amusement, throw me away when they are tired, and wonder
that I feel more than a toy horse or a wooden soldier ! Yes, yes, that 's
the way. The old way ! "
    " I t may be, with others," I returned, " but I do assure you it is not
with me. Perhaps I ought not to be at all surprised to see you as you
are now: I know so little of you. I said, without consideration, what I
thought."
    " What can I do? " returned       the little woman, standing up, and
holding out her arms to show herself. " See ! What I am, my father was ;
and my sister is; and my brother is. I have worked for sister and brother
these many years-hard, Mr. Copperfield-all day. I must live. I do
no harm. If there are people so unreflecting or so cruel, as to make
a jest of me, what is left for me to do but to make a jest of myself,
them, and every thing? If I do so, for the time, whose fault is that?
Mine? "
    No. Not Miss Mowcher's, I perceived.
    " If I hacl shown myself a sensitive dwarf to your false friend," pursued

the little woman, shaking her head at me, with reproachful earnestness,
 " how much of his help or good will do you think I should ever have
 had? If little Mowcher (who had no hand, young gentleman, in the
making of herself) addressed herself to him, or the like of him, because of
 her misfortunes, when do you suppose her small voice would have been
 heard ? Little Mowcher would have as much need to live, if she was the
 bitterest and dullest of pigmies ; but she couldn't do it. No. She might
 whistle for her bread and butter till she died of Air ! "
    Miss Mowcher sat down on the fender again, and took out her hand-
 kerchief, and wiped her eyes.
    " Be thankful for me, if you have a kind heart as I think you have,"

 she said, "that while I know well what I am, I can be cheerful and endure
 it all. I am thankful for myself, at any rate, that I can find my tiny way
 through the world, without being beholden to any one; and that in return
 for all that is thrown at me, in folly or vanity, as I go along, I can throw
 bubbles back. If I don't brood over all I want, it is the better for me,
 and not the worse for any one. If I am a plaything for you giants, be
 gentle with me.
    Miss Mowcher replaced her handkerchief in her pocket, looking at me
 with very intent expression all the while, and pursued :
    " I saw you in the street just now.    You may suppose I am not able to
 walk as fast as you, with my short legs and short breath, and I couldn't
 overtake you; but I guessed where you came, and came after you. I
have been here before, to-day, but the good woman wasn't at home."
    " Do you know her? " I demanded.

    " I know of her, and about her," she replied, " from Omer and Joram.
 I was there at seven o'clock this morning. Do you remember what
 Steerforth said to me about this unfortunate girl, that time when I saw
 you both at the i n n ? "
    The great bonnet on Miss Mowcher's head, and the greater bonnet on
 the wall, began to go backwards and forwards again when she asked this
 question.
