 518           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  kindly to her," Mr. Peggotty explained for my aunt's better information.
  "He 'l1 set and talk to her, with a calm spirit, wen it 'S like he couldn't
  bring himself to open his lips to another. Poor fellow ! " said Mr. Peg-
 gotty, shaking his head, " theer's not so much left him, that he could spare
 the little as he has ! "
     " And Mrs. Gummidge ? " said I.

     "Well, I 've had a mort of con-sideration, I do tell you," returned Mr.
 Peggotty, with a perplexed look which gradually cleared as he went on,
 "concerning of Missis Gummidge. You see, wen Missis Gummidge
 falls a thinking of the old 'un, she an't what you may call good company.
 Betwixt yon and me, Mas'r Davy-and you, ma'am-wen Mrs. Gummidge
 takes to wimicking,"--our old county word for crying,-" she 'S liable to be
 considered to be, by them as didn't know the old 'un, peevish-like. Now
 I did know the old 'un," said Mr. Peggotty, " and I know'd his merits,
 so I unnerstan' her; but 'tan't entirely so, you see, with others-iiat'rally
 can't be ! "
     I\fy aunt and I both accluiesced.
     " Wheerby," said Mr. Peggotty, " my sister might-I        doen't say she
would, hut might-find Missis Gummidge give her a leetle trouble now-
 and-again. Theerfur 'tan't my intentions to moor Missis Gummidge
 'long with them, but to find a Beein' fixr her wheer she can fisherate fur
herself." (A Beein' signifies, in that dialect, a home, and to fisherate is to
provide.) " Fur which purpose," said Mr. Peggotty, " I means to make
her a 'lowance afore I go, as 'l1 leave her pretty comfort'ble. She's the
faithfullest of creeturs. 'Tan't to be expected, of course, at her time of
life, and being lone and lorn, as the good old Mawther is to be knocked
about aboardship, and in the woods and wilds of a new and fur-away
 country. So that 'S what I 'm a going to do with her."
    He forgot nobody. I-Ie thought of everybody's claims and strivings, but
his own.
    " Em'ly," he continued, "will keep along with me-poor child, she 'S
sore in need of peace and rest !-until such time as we goes upon our
voyage. She'll work at them clothes, as must be made; and I hope
her troubles will begin to seem longer ago than they was, wen she finds
herself once more by her rough hut loving nncle."
    My aunt nodded confirmation of this hope, and imparted great satis-
faction to Mr. Peggotty.
    " Theer 'S one thing furder, Mas'r Davy," said he, putting his hand in
his breast-pocket, and gravely taking out the little paper bundle I had
seen before, which he unrolled on the table. " Theer 'S these here bank-
notes-fifty pound, and ten. To them I wish to add the money as she
come away with. I've asked her about that (but not saying why), and
have added of it LIP. I an't a scholar. Would you be so kind as see
how 'tis ? "
    I-Ie handed me, apologetically for his scholarship, a piece of paper, and
observed me while I looked it over. I t was quite right.
    " Thankee, sir," he said, taking it back. " This money, if you doen't
see objections, Mas'r Davy, I shall put up jest afore I go, in a cover
d'rected to him; and pnt that up in another, d'rected to his mother. I
shall tell her, in no more wureds than I speak to you, what it 'S the price
on ; and that I 'm gone, and past receiving of it back."
