                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                              7
    ---                                           -
         CHILDRENJS FROCKS, COATS, AND PELISSES;
                              I n all the New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
                              large portion of which areexpressly adapted for School
                              Wear, a t SHEARMAN'S, 5, FlNSBURY PAVEMENT,
                              LONDON (between the Bank and F i n s b u r ~Square).
                                 SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view from
                                                                               .
                              the useful dress a t Is. I l d 2s. 6d 3s 6d midiurn
                              58. 6d.. 7s. 6d., 101. 6d., 1;s). 6d. j h'Andkonbe) 15s. 6d.:
                              183s. 6d., 219.6d., up to the richest goods mlde i n Silk
                              Velvets, Three, Four, and Five Guineas.
                                 HOLLANDDRESSESof all kinds. Pinafores, lo&.;
                              Frocks, Is. 6d., Is. 9d. j ditto, long sleeves, 2s. gd.,
                              3s. 6d.; Bloases, 3n. 6d., 4s. 6d., 5s. 6d.
                                 MANTLES, PALETOTS, CLOAKS JACKETS, and
                              SPENCERS, in great variety, adapted for all ages, two
                              years and upwards.

                      I N F A N T S ' CLOAKS, HOODS, HATS, and BONNETS, L O N G
                    and S H O R T ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
                    Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Night Caps, Open
                    and Round Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets, with a
                    general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N , together with every article usually
                    required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating the trouble and
                    inconvenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops when
                    J U V E N I L E C L O T H I N G is required.
                       *, A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
                    free on the receipt of a paid Letter.
--   -                -


For Purifying the Blood and Strength-
         ening the Digestive Organs.
     RENCH'S SARSAPARILLA AND
       CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of
these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited
for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-
gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
Fits Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,
~ h & m a t i cand Nervous Affections, and alilmpurities
of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too sedentary
a life dissipation, and other causes. However debili-
tated the system, or deep-rooted the disease, by the
diligent use of this purifying. Medicine the energies
of the whole nervous system will be augmented, a
more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
produced and feebleness, and all the deplorable
symptom: of disease will vanish, and strength and
health be restored to the feeble and afflicted by its
restorative properties.-Prepared        only by W. A.
FRENCH309, Holborn, two doors west of Chancery-                  The best and safest l$?dicine for Ladies. An
lane. &ice 2s.9d., 4s. 6d., lls., and 22s.                    eminent Physician says, Ladies who take No. 1 ,
.           -
            -              -                            -     from 1 4 t o 20, and No. 2, from 20 to 50 years of age,
                                                              pass through life comparatively free from complaint,
AMPUTATION                     AGAIN
        VENTED BY HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT
                                                PRE-
AND PILLS.-Extract of a letter from Mr. S. Smith,
                                                              and never suffer from the painful diseases of advanced
                                                              life." Consumption is prevented-Chlorosis-Gene..
                                                              ral Weakness, accompanied byweariness and sinking
69, Cape1 Street, Dublin, dated March 13, 1849:-"TO           a t the pit of the stomach-Feverishness-Indigestim
Professor Hol1oway.-Dear Sir,-I think it only my              -Constipation-Lossof      appetite-Flatulence-HearL.
duty to inform you and the public of the wonderful            burn-Giddiness-Palpitation-Pains         in the Head
cure your Ointment and Pills have effected o n me.            Stomach, Loins, and all Hysterical Affections a r i
For three years I had a dreadiul wound in my leg.             completely removed by their peculiar effects.
I tried all the faculty in this city, but t o no purpose;       Sold by all the London WholesaleHouses: Barclay,
they informed me that nothing could save my life but          Edwards, Sutton, Sanger, Dietrichsen Prout at
amputation. I was then advised by a celebrated                Locock's Female Pill Warehouse 16, king ~ d e e t ,
doctor t o use your remedies, which in a brief period         Corent Garden, and all estahlishei Patent Medicine
have healed my leg, and made it a s strong a s it             Vendors throughout the kingdom. N.B "Locock's
formerly was." Sold by all vendors of Medicine, and           Female Pills" is engraved on the Government Stamp
at Professor Holloway9s establishment, 244, Strand,           outside each Box.
London.

T H E         T ~ I L E Tof          BEAUTY
        furnrshes innumerable proofs of the high
                                                                    EAUTY.-The                thorn that veils the
                                                                     primrose from our view is not more invidious
estimation in which GOWLAND'S LOTION is held                  in Nature than superfluous Hair on the Face, Neck,
by the most distinguished possessors of brilliant             and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
complexions. This elegant preparation comprehends             DER is the most certain and elegant preparationfor
the preservation of the complexion, both from the             its removal-the gelmine is perfectly innocent, is easy
effects of cutaneous malady and the operation of              and pleasant t o use, and has been signed " G . H.
variable temperature, by refreshing its delicacy, and         HOGARD " for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro-
sustaining the brightest tints wlth which beauty is           prietor by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,
adorned.-"Robert       Shaw,London,"is in white letters       coven; Garden. and bv all res~ectable~erfumers,in
on the Government stamp of the genuine. Price                 packets, price i s . ~ o u b l edittb, 7s., or b y post, free
28.9d., 5s. fid, ; quarts, 8s. 6d.                            for 50 or 88 Postage stamps.
