                         OF D.4VID    COPPERFIELD.                        623
hair (where he is not bald) made more rebellious than ever by the constant
friction of his lawyer's-wig, I come, in a later time, upon my dear old
Traddles. His table is covered with thick piles of papers; and I say, as
I look around me:
   " If Sophy were your clerk, now, Traddles, she would have enough to

 ..! "
do
    "You may say that, my dear Copperfield ! But those were capital
 days, too, in Holborn Court ! Were they not ? "
    " When she told you you would be a Judge ? But it was not the town

 talk then !"
    " At all events," says Traddles, " if I ever am one-"

    c c Why, you know you will be."
    "Well, my dear Copperfield, when I am one, I shall tell the story, as I
 said I would."
    We walk away, arm in arm. I am going to have a family dinner with
Traddles. I t is Sophy's birthday ; and, on our road, Traddles discourses
 to me of the good fortune he has enjoyed.
    '' I really have been able, my dear Copperfield, to do all that I had
most at heart. There's the Reverend Horace promoted to that living at
four hundred and fifty pounds a year; there are our two boys receiving
the very best education, and distinguishing theinselves as steady scholars
and good fellows ; there are three of the girls married very comfortably ;
there are three more living with us ; there are three more keeping house
for the Reverend Ilorace since Mrs. Crewler's decease ; and all of them
happy ."
    " Except-    " I suggest.
    "Except the Beauty," says Traddles. "Yes. It was very unfortu-
nate that she should marry such a vagabond. But there was a certain
dash and glare about him that caught her. However, now we have
got her safe at our house, and got rid of him, we must cheer her up
again."
    Traddles's house is one of the very houses-or it easily may have
been-which he and Sophy used to parcel out, in their evening walks.
I t is a large house ; but Traddles keeps his papers in his dressing-room,
and his boots with his papers ; and he and Sophy squeeze themselves into
upper rooms, reserving the best bed-rooms for the Beauty and the girls.
There is no room to spare in the house ; for more of " the girls" are here, and
always are here, by some accident or other, than I know how to count. Here,
when we go in, is a crowd of them, running down to the door, and hand~ng
Traddles about to be kissed, until he is out of breath. Here, established
in perpetuity, is the poor Beauty, a widow with a little girl; here,
at dinner on Sophy's birthday, are the three married girls with their
three husbands, and one of the husband's brothers, and another hus-
band's cousin, and another husband's sister, who appears to me to be
engaged to the cousin. Traddles, exactly the same simple, unaffected
fellow as he ever was, sits at the foot of the large table llke a Patr~arch;
and Sophy beams upon him, from the head, across a cheerful space that is
certainly not glitter~ngwith Britannia metal.
    And now, as I close my task, subduing my desire to linger yet, these
