                                                      --- -
                                                      ___
                                                ---- =----
                                                -         _
                                                  -.-.-~ ----
                                                       -
                                                       ? -          -.
                                                                    ~




     HY D R O P A T H I C E S T A B L I S H M E N T ,
                      SUDBROOK PARK, NEAR RICHMOND, SURREY.

    THISInstitution, which has been in full and successful operation for eight years, is conducted by JAMES
ELLIS,    M.D., who resides in the house, and has thus the opportunity of exercising a constant superintend-
ence of the treatment.
   His own experience during a practice of eight years, part of which he was a coadjutor of Dr. Weiss,
enables him confidently to assert, that all diseases curable, and many incurable by any previoosly known
means, can be safely and successfully treated by a proper application of the Water Cure alone.
   Sudbrook Park adjoins Richmond Park on its southern and sheltered side, and contains upwards of a
hundred acres. I t is richly wooded, and the pleasure grounds are extensive and beautiful, containing
many appliances for the recreation and exercise of the patients. I t is also within five minutes' walk of
the most beautiful part of the river Thames, which is accessible for the amusements of boating and fishing.
   B y special permission of the Queen, there is also a private access to the Royal Park of Richmond.
    The air is celebrated for its purity, and the soil heing composed of gravel, is peculiarly dry and healthy,
allowing the exercise of walking at all seasons.
    The Mansion is admirably adapted for the purpose, the rooms being lofty and spacious. I t was formerly
the residence of the Dukes of Argyll and Buccleuch.
    The domestic arrangements, superintended by Mrs. ELLIS,are on a complete and liberal scale.
    The house is abundantly supplied with the purest water, including, among otber sources, the celebrated
 Silver spring which takes its rise in Richmond Park," and the Plunge Baths, Douches, &c., are fitted up
in the most complete manner.
    I t is believed that the improvements made during the past winter have rendered this Establishment one
 of the most comulete in Europe.
    Strangers desirous of inspecting the Mansion, Baths, Douches, Pleasure Grounds, Park, &c., are
 admitted on Wednesdays, from 10 till 4 o'clock, by cards only, which may he obtained of Mr. TRELAWNEY
 SAUNDERS,     Bookseller, No. 6, Chafing Cross ; Wall's Library, Richmond ; or at the Star and Garter,
  Richmond Hill. Visitors will be required to insert their names and addresses in the Visitors' Book. The
 Richmond Railway Station is within two miles of Sudbrook Park ; an Omnibus runs to meet several OF
 the trains, Fare 6d. F l y from the station, Is. 6d. T o the Kingston Station is four miles. Omnibusses
 from St. Paul's Church Yard pass Sudbrook Park several times in the day. Fare 1s. 6d., exclusive of
 luggage.
                                  TERMS.
                   Consultation and Entrance Fee, One Guinea.
       Single-Bedded Rooms, Three to Four Guineas per Week and upwards.
            Double-Bedded Rooms, Six Guineas per Week and upwards.
                  PRIVATE APARTMENTS, OR SUITES OF APARTMENTS MAY BE ENGAGED.
   Further particulars may be obtained on application to Mr. JOSEPH
                                                                 DYER,Secretary, at the Establishment.
     * It is related that Cardinal Wolsey, from the well-known excellence of the water of this vicinity, had i t
  conveyed in pipes across the Thames, to supply his palace at Hampton Court
