                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          573
    " On the voyage, I shall endeavour," said Mr. Micawber, "occasionally
 to spin them a yarn; and the melody of my son TVilkins will, I trust, be
acceptable at the galley-fire. When Mrs. Micawber has her sea-legs 011-
an expression in which I hope there is no conventional impropriety-she
will give them, I dare say, Little Tafflin. Porpoises and dolphins, I
believe, will be frequently observed athwart our Bows ; and, either on the
Starboard or the Larboard Quarter, objects of interest will be continually
descried. I n short," said Mr. Micawber, with the old genteel air, " the
probability is, all will be found so exciting, alow and aloft, that when
the look-out, stationed in the main-top, cries Land-ho ! we shall be very
considerably astonished ! "
    With that he flourished off the contents of his little tin pot, as if he
had made the voyage, and had passed a first-class examination before the
highest naval authorities.
    "What I chiefly hope, my dear Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber,
 "is, that in some branches of our family we may live again in the old
country. Do not frown, Micawber! I do not now refcr to my own
family, but to our childrens' children. However vigorous the sapling,"
said Mrs. Micawber, shaking her head, " 1cannot forget the parent-tree ;
and when our race attains to eminence and fortune, I own I should wish
that fortune to flow into the coffers of Britannia."
    " My dear," said Mr. Micawber, " Britannia must take her chance. I
am bound to say that she has never done much for me, and that I have
no particular wish upon the subject."
    '' Micawber," returned Mrs. Micawber, " there, you are wrong. You
are going out, Micawber, to this distant clime, to strengthen, not to
weaken, the connexion between yourself and Albion."
    " The connexion in question, my love," rejoined Mr. Micawber, " has
not laid me, I repeat, under that load of personal obligation, that I am
at all sensitive as to the formation of another connexion."
    " Micawber," returned Mrs. Micawber.        " There, I again say, you are

wrong. You do not know your power, Micawber. I t is that which will
strengthen, even in this step you are about to take, the connexion between
yourself and Albion."
    Mr. Micawber sat in his elbow-chair, with his eyebrows raised; half
receiving and half repudiating Mrs. Micawber's views as they were stated,
but very sensible of their foresight.
    "My dear Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber, '' 1 wish Bfr.
Micawber to feel his position. I t appears to me highly important that
Mr. Micawber should, from the hour of his embarkation, feel his position.
Your old knowledge of me, my dear Mr. Copperfield, will have told you
that I have not the sanguine disposition of Mr. Micawber. My disposi-
tion is, if I Inay say so, eminently practical. I know that this is a long
voyage. I know that it will involve many privations and inconveniences.
I cannot shut my eyes to those facts. But, I also know what Mr.
Micawber is. I know the latent power of Mr. Micawber. And therefore I
consider it vitally important that Mr. Micawber s h o ~ ~feel
                                                           l d his position."
    "My love," he observed, " perhaps you will allow me to remark that
it is barely possible that I do fie1 my position at the present moment."
    " I think not, Micawber," she rejoined. "Not fully. My dear
