                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          441
away from home, with her mother ; and Mrs. hlarkleham, who was very
fond of amusements, and very easily dissatisfied with anything else, en-
tered into them with great good will, and was loud in her commenda-
tions. But Annie, in a spiritless unhappy way, only went whither she
was led, and seemed to have no care for anything.
   I did not know what to think. Neither did my aunt; who must have
walked, at various times, a hundred miles in her uncertainty. What was
strangest of all was, that the only real relief which seemed to make its way
into the secret region of this domestic unhappiness, made its way there in
the person of Mr. Dick.
   What his thoughts were on the subject, or what his observation was,
I am as unable to explain, as I dare say he would have been to assist me
in the task. But, as I have recorded in the narrative of my school days,
his veneration for the Doctor was unbounded; and there is a subtlety of
perception in real attachment, even when it is borne towards man by one
of the lower animals, which leaves the highest intellect behind. To this
mind of the heart, if I may call it so, in Mr. Dick, some bright ray of the
truth shot straight.
    ITe had proudly resumed his privilege, in many of his spare hours, of
walking up and down the garden with the Doctor; as he had been accus-
tomed to pace up and down The Doctor's Walk at Canterbury. But
matters were no sooner in this state, than he devoted all his spare time
(and got up earlier to make it more) to these perambulations. If he had
never been so happy as when the Doctor read that mavellous performance,
the Dictionary, to him ; he was now quite miserable unless the Doctor
pulled it out of his pocket, and began. When the Doctor and I were
engaged, he now fell into the custom of walking up and down with
Mrs. Strong, and helping her to trim her favorite flowers, or weed the
beds. I dare say he rarely spolie a dozen wordsin an hour: but his quiet
interest, and his wistful face, found immediate response in both their
breasts ; each knew that the other liked him, and that he loved both; and
he became what no one else could be-a link between them.
    When I think of him, with his impenetrably wise face, walking up and
 down with the Doctor, delighted to be battered by the hard words in the
Dictionary ; when I think of him carrying huge watering-pots after Annie ;
kneeling down, in very paws of gloves, at patient microscopic work among
the little leaves ; expressing as no philosopher could have expressed, in
 every thing he did, a delicate desire to be her friend ; showering sympathy,
trustfulness, and affection, out of every hole in the watering-pot ; when I
think of him never wandering in that better mind of his to which unhap-
piness addressed itself, never bringing the unfortunate King Charles
into the garden, never wavering in his grateful service, never diverted
 from his knowledge that there was something wrong, or from his wish
 to set it right-I really feel almost ashamed of having known that he was
 not quite in his wits, taking account of the utmost I have done with
 mine.
    " Nobody but myself, Trot, knows what that man is !" my aunt would
~ r o u d l vremark, when we conversed about it. "Dick will distinguish -
Limsel? yet ! " -
    I must refer to one other topic before I close this chapter. While the
