                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           317
    " Why, how should I ever spend it without you ? " said Mr. Peggotty,
with an air of serious remonstrance. "What are you a talking on?
Doen't I want you more now, than ever I did ? "
    " I know'd I was never wanted before ! " cried Mrs. Gummidge, with a
pitiable whimper, " and now I 'm told so ! How could I expect to be
wanted, being so lone and lorn, and so contrairy ! "
    Mr. Peggotty seemed very much shocked at himself for having made a
speech capable of this unfeeling construction, but was prevented from
replying, by Peggotty's pulling his sleeve, and shaking her head. After
looking at Mrs. Gummidge for some moments, in sore distress of mind,
he glanced at the Dutch clock, rose, snuffed the candle, and put it in the
window.
    " Theer ! " said Mr. Peggotty, cheerily.     "Theer we are, Missis Gum-
midge ! " Mrs. Gummidge slightly groaned. " Lighted up, accordin' to
custom ! You 're a wonderin' what that 's fur, sir ! Well, it's fur our
little Em'ly. You see, the path ain't over light or cheerful arter dark;
and when I 'm here at the hour as she's a comin' home, I puts the light in
the winder. That, you see," said Mr. Peggotty, bending over me with
great glee, "meets two objects. She says, says Em'ly, ' Theer 's home ! '
she says. And likewise, says Em'ly, ' My uncle 's theer ! ' Fur if I ain't
theer, I never have no light showed."
    "You're a baby! " said Peggotty ; very fond of him for it, if she
thought so.
    "Well," returned Mr. Peggotty, standing with his legs pretty wide
apart, and rubbing his hands up and down them in his comfortable satis-
faction, as he looked alternately at us and at the fire, " I doen't know but
I am. Not, you see, to look at."
    " Not azackly," observed Peggotty.

    "No," laughed Mr. Peggotty, "not to look at, but to-to consider on,
 you know. I doen't care, bless you ! Now I tell you. When I go a looking
 and looking about that theer pritty house of our Em'ly's, I 'm-I 'm
 Gormed," said Mr. Peggotty, with sudden emphasis-" theer ! I can't say
more-if I doen't feel as if the littlest things was her, a'most. I takes 'em up
 and I puts 'em down, and I touches of 'em as delicate as if they was our
 Em'ly. So 'tis with her little bonnets and that. I couldn't see one on
 'em rough used a purpose-not fur the whole wureld. There 's a babby
 fur you, in the form of a great Sea Porkypine ! " said Mr. Peggotty,
 relieving his earnestness with a roar of laughter.
    Peggotty and I both laughed, but not so loud.
    " I t ' s my opinion, you see," said Mr. Peggotty, with a delighted face,

 after some further rubbing of his legs, "as this is along of my havin'
 played with her so much, and made believe as we was Turks, and French,
 and sharks, and every wariety of forinners-bless you, yes ; and lions and
 whales, and I don't know what all!-when she ~varn'tno higher than my
 knee. I've got into the way on it, yon know. Why, this here candle,
 now ! " said Mr. Peggotty, gleefully holding out his hand towards it, " I
 know wery well that arter she's married and gone, I shall put that candle
 theer, just the same as now. I know wery well that when I 'm here o'
  nights (and where else should I live, bless your arts, whatever fortun' I
