               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE




                           CHAPTER XLV.
              MR. DICK FULFILS MY AUNT'S PREDICTION.

   IT was some time now, since I had left the Doctor. Living in his
neighbonrhood, I saw him frequently; and we all went to his house on
two or three occasions to dinner or tea. The Old Soldier was in perma-
nent quarters under the Doctor's roof. She was exactly the same as ever,
and the same immortal butterflies hovered over her cap.
   Like some other mothers, whom I have known in the course of my life,
Mrs. Markleham was far more fond of pleasure than her daughter was. She
required a great deal of amusement, and, like a deep old soldier, pretended,
in consulting her own inclinations, to be devoting herself to her child.
The Doctor's desire that Annie should be entertained, was therefore
particularly acceptable to this excellent parent ; who expressed unqualified
approval of his discretion.
   I have no doubt, indeed, that she probed the Doctor's wound with-
out knowing it. Meaning nothing but a certain matured frivolity and
selfishness, not always inseparable from full-blown years, I think she
confirmed him in his fear that he was a constraint upon his young wife,
and that there was no congeniality of feeling between them, by so strongly
commending his design of lightening the load of her life.
   " &fy dear soul,'' she said to him one day when I was present, "you

know there is no doubt it would be a little pokey for Annie to be always
shut up here."
   The Doctor nodded his benevolent head.
   "When she comes to her mother's age," said Mrs. Marlrleham, with a
flourish of her fan, "then, it '11 be another thing. You might put M E
into a Jail, with genteel society and a rubber, and I should never care to
come out. But I am not Annie, you know ; and Annie is not her mother."
   " Surely, surely," said the Doctor.
   " You are the best of creatures-no, I beg your pardon ! " for the Doctor
made a gesture of depreciation, " I must say before your face, as I always
say behind your back, you are the best of creatures ; but of course you don't
-now do you ?-enter into the same pursuits and fancies as Annie ? "
   " No," said the Doctor, in a sorrowful tone.

   "No, of course not," retorted the Old Soldier. " Take your Dictionary
for example. What a useful worlr a Dictionary is ! What a necessary
work! The meanings of words ! Without Doctor Johnson, or somebody
of that sort, we might have been at this present moment calling an Italian-
iron a bedstead. But we can't expect a Dictionary-especially when it's
making-to interest Annie, can we? "
   The Doctor shoolr his head.
   " And that's why I so much approve," said Mrs. Markleham, tapping
him on the shoulder with her shut-up fan, "of your thoughtfulness. It
 shows that you don't expect, as many elderly people do expect, old
