112           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Hither, on the first morning of my so auspiciously beginning life on my
own account, the oldest of the regular boys was summoned to show me
my business. His name was Mick Walker, and he wore a ragged apron
and a paper cap. H e informed me that his father was a bargeman, and
walked, in a black velvet head-dress, in the Lord Mayor's Show. He
also informed me that our principal associate would be another boy whom
he introduced by the-to me-extraordinary name of Mealy Potatoes.
I discovered, however, that this youth had not been christened by that
name, but that it had been bestowed upon him in the warehouse, on
account of his complexion, which was pale or mealy. Mealy's father was
a waterman, who had the additional distinction of being a fireman, and was
engaged as such at one of the large theatres ; where some young relation of
Mealy's-I think his little sister-did Imps in the Pantomimes.
    No words can express the secret agony of my soul as I sunk into this
companionship ; compared these henceforth every-day associates with those
of my happier childhood-not to say with Steerforth, Traddles, and the rest
of those boys ; and felt my hopes of growing up to be a learned and dis-
tinguished man, crushed in my bosom. The deep remembrance of the sense
I had, of being utterly without hope now ;of the shame I felt in my position ;
of the misery it was to my young heart to believe that day by day what I
had learned, and thought, and delighted in, and raised my fancy and my
emulation up by, would pass away from me, little by little, never to be
brought back any more; cannot be written. As often as Mick Walker
went away in the course of that forenoon, I mingled my tears with the
water in which I was washing the bottles; and sobbed as if there were a
flaw in my own breast, and it were in danger of bursting.
    The counting-house clock was at half-past twelve, and there was general
preparation for going to dinner, when Mr. Quinion tapped at the
counting-house window, and beckoned to me to go in. I went in, and
found there a stoutish, middle-aged person, in a brown surtout and black
 tights and shoes, with no more hair upon his head (which was a large
 one, and very shining) than there is upon an egg, and with a very exten-
 sive face, which he turned full upon me. His clothes were shabby, but
 he had an imposing shirt-collar on. He carried a jaunty sort of a stick,
 with a large pair of rusty tassels to it ; and a quizzing-glass hung outside
 his coat,-for ornament, I afterwards found, as he very seldom looked
 through it, and couldn't see anything when he did.
     "This," said Mr. Quinion, in allusion to myself, "is he."
     "This," said the stranger, with a certain condescending roll in his voice,
 and a certain indescribable air of doing something genteel, which impressed
  me very much, "is Master Copperfield. I hope I see you well, sir ?"
     I said I was very well, and hoped he was. I was sufficiently ill at
  ease, Heaven knows; but it was not in my nature to complain much at
 that time of my life, so I said I was very well, and hoped he was.
     " I am," said the stranger, " thank Heaven, quite well. I have received a
 letter from Mr. Murdstone, in which he mentions that he would desire me
  to receive into an apartment in the rear of my house, which is at
  present unoccupied-and is, in short, to be let as a-in short," said the
  stranger, with a smile and in a burst of confidence, "as a bed-room-the
  young beginner whom I have now the pleasure to-"           and the stranger
  waved his hand, and settled his chin in his shirt collar.
