382            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Oh, yes ; but I don't want to hear any more about crusts ! " said Dora.
 "And Jip must have a mutton-chop every-day at twelve, or he '11 die ! "
    I was charmed with her childish, winning way. I fondly explained to
Dora that Jip should have his mutton-chop with his accustomed regularity.
I drew a picture of our frugal home, made independent by my labor-
 sketching-in the little house I had seen at Highgate, and my aunt in her
room up-stairs.
   " I am not dreadful now, Dora ? " said I, tenderly.

   " Oh, no, no ! " cried Dora. " But I hope your aunt. will keep in her
own room a good deal! And I hope she's not a scolding old thing ! "
   If it were possible for me to love Dora more than ever, I am sure I did.
But I felt she was a little impracticable. I t damped my new-born ardor, to
find that ardor so difficult of communication to her. I made another
trial. When she was quite herself again, and was curling Jip's ears, as he
lay upon her lap, I became grave, and said ;
   " My own ! May I mention something? "
   " Oh, please don't be practical! " said Dora, coaxingly. " Because it
frightens me so ! "
   " Sweet heart ! " I returned ; "there is nothing to alarm you in all

this. I want you to think of it quite differently. I want to make it nerve
you, and inspire you, Dora ! "
   " Oh, but that 's so shocking ! " cried Dora.
   " My love, no. Perseverance and strength of character will enable us
to bear much worse things."
    "But I haven't got any strength at all," said Dora, shaking her curls.
 " Have I , Jip? Oh, do kiss Jip, and be agreeable ! "
   I t was impossible to resist kissing Jip, when she held him up to me for
that purpose, putting her own bright, rosy little mouth into kissing form,
as she directed the operation, which she insisted should be performed
symmetrically, on the centre of his nose. I did as she bade me-rewarding
myself afterwards for my obedience-and she charmed me out of my
graver character for I don't know how long.
   " But, Dora, my beloved ! " said I, at last resuming it ; "I was going

to mention something."
   The Judge of the Prerogative Court might have fallen in love with her,
to see her fold her little hands and hold them up, begging and praying me
not to be dreadful any more.
   " Indeed I am not going to be, my darling ! " I assured her. "But,
Dora, my love, if you will sometimes think,-not despondingly, you know;
far from that !-but if you will sometimes think-just to encourage your-
self-that yon are engaged to a poor man-"
   "Don't, don't ! Pray don't ! " cried Dora. " I t 's so very dreadful !"
   "My soul, not at all ! " said I, cheerfully. " If you will sometimes
think of that, and look about now and then at your papa's housekeeping,
and endeavour to acquire a little habit-of accounts, for instance-"
   Poor little Dora received this suggestion with something that was half
a sob and half a scream.
   "-It will be so useful to us afterwards," I went on. "And if you
would promise me to read a little-a little Cookery Book that I would
send you, it would be so excellent for both of us. For our path in life,
my Dora," said I, warming with the subject, "is stony and rugged now,
