                         OF DZ4VID COPPERFIELD.

    I told him that I thought it ~ v o ~ be  ~ l dright to do so-that    I was
thoroughly convinced it would be, since he felt it to be right.
     " I said that theer was on'y one thing furder," he proceeded with a
 grave smile, when he had made up his little bundle again, and put it in
 his pocket; " but theer was two. I warn't sure in my mind, wen I come
 out this morning, as I could go and break to Ham, of my own self, what
 had so thankfully happened. So I writ a letter while I was out, and put
 it in the post-office, telling of 'em how all was as 'tis ; and that I should
 come down to-morrow to unload my mind of what little needs a doing of
 down theer, and, most-like, take my farewell leave of Yarmouth."
     "And do you wish me to go with you? " said I, seeing that he left
 something unsaid.
     " If you could do me that kind favor, Mas'r Davy," he replied, " I

know the sight on you would cheer 'em up a bit."
    My little Dora being in good spirits, and very desirous that I should
go-as I found on talking it over with her-I readily pledged myself to
accompany him in accordance with his wish. Next morning, consequently,
we were on the Yarmouth coach, and again travelling over the old ground.
    As we passed along the familiar street at night-Nr.           Peggotty, in
despite of all my remonstrances, carrying my bag-I glanced into Omer
and Joram's shop, and saw my old friend Mr. Omer there, smoking his
pipe. I felt reluctant to be present, when Mr. Peggotty first met his
sister and Ham ; and made Mr. Omer my excuse for lingering behind.
    " How is Mr. Omer, after this long time ? " said I , going in.
    He fanned away the smoke of his pipe, that he might get a better view
of me, and soon recognised me with great delight.
    " I should get up, sir, to acknowledge such an honor as this visit,"
said he, " only my limbs are rather out of sorts, and I am wheeled about.
With the exception of my limbs and my breath, hows'ever, I am as hearty
as a man can be, I'm thankful to say."
    I congratulated him on his contented looks and his good spirits, and
saw, now, that his easy chair went on wheels.
    " I t 'S an ingenious thing, ain't it ? " he inquired, following the direc-

tion of my glance, and polishing the elbow with his arm. " I t runs as
light as a feather, and tracks as true as a mall-coach. Bless you, my
little llinnie-my     grand-daughter you know, Minnie's child--puts her
little strength against the back, gives it a shove, and away we go, as clever
and merry as ever you see anythmg! And I tell you what-it 'S a most
uncommon chair to smoke a pipe in."
    I never saw such a good old fellow to make the best of a thing, and
find out the enjoyment of it, as Mr. Omer. I-Ie was as radiant, as if his
chair, his asthma, and the failure of his limbs, were the various branches
of a great invention for enhancing the luxury of a pipe.
    " I see more of the world, I can assure you," said Mr. Omer, "in this
chair, than ever I see out of it. You'd be surprised at the number of
people that looks in of a day to have a chat. You really would! There's
twice as much in the newspaper, since I've taken to this chair, as there
used to be. As to general reading, dear me, what a lot of it I do
get through! That 'S what I feel so strong, you know ! If it had
been my eyes, what should I have done? If it had been my ears, what
should I have done? Being my limbs, what does it signify? Why, my
