316           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I parted from them at the wicket-gate, where visionary Straps had
rested with Roderick Random's knapsack in the days of yore ; and, instead of
going straight back, walked a little distance on the road to Lowestoft. Then
I turned, and walked back towards Yarmouth. I stayed to dine at a decent
alehouse, some mile or two from the Ferry I have mentioned before ; and
thus the day wore away, and it was evening when I reached it. Rain was
falling heavily by that time, and it was a wild night ; but there was a moon
behind the clouds, and it was not dark.
    I was soon within sight of Mr. Peggotty's house, and of the light
within it shining through the window. A little floundering across the
sand, which was heavy, brought me to the door, and I went in.
    I t looked very comfortable, indeed. Mr. Peggotty had smoked his
evening pipe, and there were preparations for some supper by-and-by.
The fire was bright, the ashes mere thrown up, the locker was ready for
little Emily in her old place. I n her own old place sat Peggotty, once
more, looking (but for her dress) as if she had never left it. She had fallen
back, already, on the society of the work-box with Saint Paul's upon the
lid, the yard-measure in the cottage, and the bit of wax candle : and there
they all were, just as if they had never been disturbed. Mrs. Gummidge
appeared to be fretting a little, in her old corner; and consequently looked
quite natural, too.
    " You're    first of the lot, Mas'r Davy !" said Mr. Peggotty, with a
happy face. " Doen't keep in that coat, sir, if it's wet."
    " Thank you, Mr. Peggotty," said I, giving him my outer coat to hang

        " It's quite dry."

UP'' So 'tis !" said Mr. Peggotty, feeling my shoulders.         '' As a chip !
Sit ye down, sir. I t ain't o' no use saying welcome to you, but you're
welcome, kind and hearty."
    " Thank you, Mr. Peggotty, I am sure of that. Well, Peggotty! " said
 I, giving her a kiss. " And how are you, old woman?"
    " Ha, ha ! " laughed Mr. Peggotty, sitting down beside us, and rubbing
his hands in his sense of relief from recent trouble, and in the genuine
heartiness of his nature ; " there's not a woman in the wureld, sir-as
I tell her-that need to feel more easy in her mind than her ! She done
her dooty by the departed, and the departed know'd it ; and the departed
done what was right by her, as she done what was right by the departed;
and-and-and         it's all right ! "
    Mrs. Gummidge groaned.
    " Cheer up, my pretty mawther !" said Mr. Peggotty. (But he shook his
head aside at us, evidently sensible of the tendency of the late occurrences
to recal the memory of the old one.) " Doen't be down ! Cheer up, for
your own self, on'y a little bit, and see if a good deal more doen't come
nat'ral ! "
    "Not to me, Dan'l," returned Mrs. Gummidge. " Nothink's nat'ral to
me but to be lone and lorn."
    "No, no," said Mr. Peggotty, soothing her sorrows.
    " Yes, yes, Dan'l ! " said Mrs. Gummidge. " I ain't a person to live
 with them as has had money left. Thinks go too contrairy with me. I
 had better be a riddance."
