                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                          CHAPTER XXXIX.
                          WICKFIELD AND HEEP.

    MY aunt, beginning, I imagine, to be made seriously uncomfortable by
my prolonged dejection, made a pretence of being anxious that I should
go to Dover, to see that all was working well at the cottage, which was
let ; and to conclude an agreement, with the same tenant, for a longer term
of occupation. Janet was drafted into the service of Mrs. Strong, where
I saw her every day. She had been undecided, on leaving Dover, whether
or no to give the finishing touch to that renunciation of mankind in
which she had been educated, by marrying a pilot ; but she decided against
that venture. Not so much for the sake of principle, I believe, as because
she happened not to like him.
    Although it required an effort to leave Miss Mills, I fell rather willingly
into my aunt's pretence, as a means of enabling me to pass a few tranquil
hours with Agnes. I consulted the good Doctor relative to an absence of
three days ; and the Doctor wishing me to take that relaxation,-he wished
me to take more ; but my energy could not bear that,-I made up my mind
to go.
    As to the Commons, I had no great occasion to be particular about my
duties in that quarter. To say the truth, we were getting in no very good
odour among the tip-top proctors, and were rapidly sliding down to but a
doubtful position. The business had been indifferent under Mr. Jorkins,
before Mr. Xpenlow's time; and although it had been quickened by the
 infusion of new blood, and by the display which Mr. Spenlow made, still
 it was not established on a sufficiently strong basis to bear, without being
 shaken, such a blow as the sudden loss of its active manager. I t fell
  off very much. Mr. Jorkins, notwithstanding his reputation in the firm,
 was an easy-going, incapable, sort of man, whose reputation out of
 doors was not calculated to back it up. I was turned over to him now,
 and when I saw him take h i ssnuff and let the business go, I regretted my
 aunt's thousand pounds more than ever.
     But this was not the worst of it. There were a number of hangers-on
 and outsiders about the Commons, who, without being proctors them-
 selves, dabbled in common-form business, and got it done by real proctors,
 who lent their names in consideration of a share in the spoil;-and there
 were a good many of these too. As our house now wanted business on
 any terms, we joined this noble band ; and threw out lures to the hangers-on
 and outsiders, to bring their business to us. Marriage licenses and small
 probates were what we all looked for, and what paid us best; and the
 competition for these, ran very high indeed. Kidnappers and inveiglers
 were planted in all the avenues of entrance to the Commons, with instruc-
 tions to do their utmost to cut off all persons in mourning, and all
 gentlemen with anything bashful in their appearance, and entice them to
