                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           621
  But before he left, he went with me to Yarmouth, to see a little tablet
I had put up in the churchyard to the memory of Ham. While I was
copying the plain inscription for him at his request, I saw him stoop, and
gather a tuft of grass from the grave, and a little earth.
   "For Em'iy," he said, as he put it in his breast.          " I promised,
Mas'r Davy."




                           A LAST RETROSPECT.

   AND now my written story ends. I look back, once more-for the last
time-before I close these leaves.
   I see myself, with Agnes at my side, journeying along the road of life.
I see our children and our friends around us ; and I hear the roar of many
voices, not indiEerent to me as I travel on.
   What faces are the most distinct to me in the fleeting crowd? La,
these; all turning to me as I ask my thoughts the question !
   Here is my aunt, in stronger spectacles, an old woman of fourscore
years and more, but upright yet, and a steady walker of sir miles at a
stretch in winter weather.
   Always with her, here comes Peggotty, my good old nurse, likewise in
spectacles, accustomed to do needlework at night very close to the lamp,
but never sitting down to it without a bit of wax candle, a yard measure
in a little house, and a work-box with a picture of St. Paul's upon
the lid.
   The cheeks and arms of Peggotty, so hard and red in my childish days,
when I wondered why the birds didn't peck her in preference to apples,
are shrivelled now; and her eyes, that used to darken their whole neigh-
bourhood in her face, are fainter (though they glitter still) ; but her rough
forefinger, which I once associated with a pocket nutmeg grater, is just
the same, and when I see my least child catching at it as it totters from
my aunt to her, I think of our little parlor at home, when I could scarcely
walk. My aunt's old disappointment is set right, now. She is godmother
to a real living Betsey Trotwood ; and Dora (the next in order) says she
spoils her.
   There is something bulky in Peggotty's pocket. I t is nothing smaller
than the Crocodile-Book, which is in rather a dilapidated condition by this
time, with divers of the leaves torn and stitched across, but which Peggotty
exhibits to the children as a precious relic. I find it very curious to see
my own infant face, looking up at me from the Crocodile stories; and to
be reminded by it of my old acquaintance Brooks of Sheffield.
   Among my boys, this summer holiday time, I see an old man making
giant kites, and gazing at them in the air, wlth a delight for which there
are no words. IIe greets me rapturously, and whispers, with many nods
