                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                              CHAPTER X.
            I BECOME NEGLECTED, AND AM PROVIDED FOR.

    THE first act of business Miss Murdstone performed when the day of
the solemnity was over, and light was freely admitted into the house, was
to give Peggotty a month's warning. Much as Peggotty would have dis-
liked such a service, I believe she would have retained it, for my sake, in
preference to the best upon earth. She told me we must part, and told
me why; and we condoled with one another, in all sincerity.
    As to me or my future, not a word was said, or a step taken. Happy
they would have been, I dare say, if they could have dismissed me at a
month's warning too. I mustered courage once, to ask Miss Murdstone
when I was going back to school; and she answered dryly, she believed I
was not going back at all. I was told nothing more. I was very anxious
to know what was going to be done with me, and so was Peggotty ; but
neither she nor I could pick up any information on the subject.
    There was one change in my condition, which, while it relieved me of a
great deal of present uneasiness, might have made me, if I had been
capable of considering it closely, yet more uncomfortable about the future.
I t was this. The constraint that had been put upon me, was quite aban-
doned. I was so far from being required to keep my dull post in the
parlor, that on several occasions, when I took my seat there, Miss Murd-
stone frowned to me to go away. I was so far from being warned off
from Peggotty's society, that, provided I was not in Mr. Murdstone's, I
was never sought out or inquired for. At first I was in daily dread of
his taking my education in hand again, or of Miss Murdstone's devoting
herself to it ; but I soon began to think that such fears were groundless,
and that all I had to anticipate was neglect.
    I do not conceive that this discovery gave me much pain then. I was
still giddy with the shockof my mother's death, and in a kind of stunned
state as to all tributary things. I can recollect, indeed, to have speculated,
at odd times, on the possibility of my not being taught any more, or cared
for any more ; and growing up to be a shabby moody man, lounging an
idle life away, about the village ; as well as on the feasibility of my getting
rid of this picture by going away somewhere, like the hero in a story,
to seek my fortune : but these were transient visions, day dreams I sat
looking at sometimes, as if they were faintly painted or written on the
wall of my room, and which, as they melted away, left the wall blank
again.
    "Peggotty," I said in a thoughtful whisper, one evening, when I was
warming my hands at the kitchen fire, "Mr. Murdstone likes me less than
he used to. He never liked me much, Peggotty; but he would rather not
even see me now, if he can help it."
    " Perhaps it's his sorrow," said Peggotty, stroking my hair.

    " I am sure, Peggotty, I am sorry too. If I believed it was his sorrow,
I should not think of it at all. But it's not that; oh, no, it's not that."
                                                                 H
