338             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

life, that I am not at liberty to consult my own wishes. I have a partner
-Mr. Jorkins."
    As he said this with a gentle melancholy, which was the next thing to
making no charge at all, I expressed my acknowledgments on Peggotty's
behalf, and paid Tiffey in bank notes. Peggotty then retired to her lodging,
and Mr. Spenlow and I went into Court, where we had a divorce-suit
coming on, under an ingenious little statute (repealed now, I believe, but
in virtue of which I have seen several marriages annulled), of which the
merits were these. The husband, whose name was Thomas Benjamin,
had taken out his marriage license as Thomas only; suppressing the
Benjamin, in case he should not find himself as comfortable as he expected.
Not finding himself as comfortable as he expected, or being a little
fatigued with his wife, poor fellow, he now came forward by a friend,
after being married a year or two, and declared that his name was Thomas
Benjamin, and therefore he was not married at all. Which the Court con-
firmed, to his great satisfaction.
   I must say that I had my doubts about the strict justice of this, and
was not even frightened out of them by the bushel of wheat which recon-
ciles all anomalies. But Mr. Spenlow argued the matter with me. H e
said, Look at the world, there was good and evil in that; look at the
ecclesiastical law, there was good and evil in Rat. It was all part of a
system. Very good. There you were !
    I had not the hardihood to suggest to Dora's father that possibly
we might even improve the world a little, if we got up early in the morn-
ing, and took off our coats to the work; but I confessed that I thought
we might improve the Commons. Mr. Spenlow replied that he would
 particularly advise me to dismiss that idea from my mind, as not being
 worthy of my gentlemanly character; but that he would be glad to hear
 from me of what improvement I thought the Commons susceptible ?
    Taking that part of the Commons which happened to be nearest to
 us-for our man was unmarried by this time, and we were out of Court,
 and strolling past the Prerogative Office-I submitted that I thought
 the Prerogative Office rather a queerly managed institution. Mr.
 Spenlow inquired in what respect? I replied, with all due deference to
 his experience (but with more deference, I am afraid, to his being Dora's
father), that perhaps it was a little nonsensical that the Registry of that
 Court, containing the original wills of all persons leaving effects within
 the immense province of Canterbury, for three whole centuries, should be an
 accidental building, never designed for the purpose, leased by the registrars
 for their own private emolument, unsafe, not even ascertained to be fire-
 proof, choked with the important documents it held, and positively, from
 the roof to the basement, a mercenary speculation of the registrars, who
 took great fees from the public, and crammed the public's wills away
 anyhow and anywhere, having no other object than to get rid of them
 cheaply. That, perhaps, it was a little unreasonable that these registrars
 in the receipt of profits amounting to eight or nine thousand pounds a
 year (to say nothing of the profits of the deputy registrars, and clerks of
 seats), should not be obliged to spend a little of that money, in finding a
 reasonably safe place for the important documents which all classes of
 people were compelled to hand over to them, whether they would or no.
