                                                                              No. XI1.-APRIL,             1850.

      C OPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
       A R T 111. O F T H E L A D I E S ' C O M P A N I O N ,
        Edited by MRS. LOUDON, is published this day, price is. 26.
                                              CONTENTS.
       LETTICEARNOLD. A New Tale by the Author of "Two Old Men's Tales,"                Emilia
           Wyndham," kc. kc.-Chaps. I.-IV.
       W H Y IS HARD WATERUNFIT FOR DOMESTIC              PURPOSES?   It6 Evils and Remedies.
           Especially interesting, in point of Economy, to every Family.
       THE BOTANY    OF SPRINGFLOWERS. With Illustrations.        By Mrs. Loudon.
       LETTERSO N DIET. By Dr. Lankester.
       THE CHEMISTRY     OF EVERY-DAY     LIFE.-FIRES.-STOVES.      By Professor Solly, F.R.S.
       ON THE CULTIVATION      O N THE VOICE. By F. Romer, Esq.
       LETTERSON GEOLOGY.By Professor Ansted.
       THE GARDENA N D GARDENDECORATIONS.
       HOUSEHOLD    HINTSA N D RECEIPTS. By Jliss Acton.
       DRESS,FASHION,    A N D WORK-BASKET.     With Numerous Illustrations ; and many other
           Articles on various Subjects.
         This Part also contains Beautiful illustrations of
                          1. T H E EMIGRANT GIRL. BY BURTON.
                          2. T H E SYBIL INSPIRED. After GUIDO.
                          3. E A R L Y SPRING. By DODGSON.
                      igp Parts I. II. and 111. are now ready, price Is. 2d. each.
       Published every Saturday, in Numbers, Price 3d., Stamped, 4d., and in Monthly Parts.
              London : Published at the Office,11, Rouverie Street, and all Booksellers and Newsmen.

                NEW WORK O N GARDENING A N D BOTANY.
                            This day ispuhlished, price 2s. 6d., h'b. II. of

      PAXTON'S FLOWER-GARDEN.
                         Edited by Dr. L I N D L E Y and J O S E P H PAXTON,
        AND ILLUSTRATED BY HIGHLY FINISHED PLATES AND WOODCUTS.
                              -
                                        I n Crown octavo, price 16s.

      PAXTON'S BOTANICAL DICTIONARY.
               A NEW EDITION CORRECTED T O T H E PRESENT TIME.
COMPRISING THE NAMES,HISTORY, AND CULTURE O F ALL PLANTS IfNOWN I N BRITAIN, WITH                         A   FULL
                            EXPLANATION O F T E C H N I C A L TERMS.

*,a   Forthe convenience of persons possessing the First Edition, the SUPPLEMENT, containing all the New
                        Plants since its appearance, is published separately, price 5s.
                                                                  -
                           RRADBURY       AND   EVANS,    11,   BOUVERIE STREET.

Price 7s., handsomel?/ 6ound i n cloth, with nzolaerous Woodcuts representing the Processes of Grafting,
                                         Budding, Layering, &c.
                                                     THE

LADIES' COMPANION TO THE F L O W E R GARDEN.
      BEING AN ALPHABETICAL ARRANGEMENT OF ALL THE ORNAMENTAL PLANTS
  GROWN IN GARDENS AND SHRUBBERIES; WITH FULL DIRECTIONS FOR THEIR CULTURE.
                             B Y MRS. LOUDON.
              THE FIFTH EDITION, CORRECTED T O THE PRESENT TIME.
          London : Published (for the Proprietor) by BRADBURY & EVANS,           11,   Bouverie Street.
