408            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    '&lt;I'm an umble individual to give you her elth," proceeded Uriah,
 "but I admire-adore her."
    No physical pain that her father's grey head could have borne, I think
could have been more terrible to me, than the mental endurance I saw
compressed now within both his hands.
    "Agnes," said Uriah, either not regarding him, or not knowing what
the nature of his action was, "Agnes Wickfield is, I am safe to say, the
divinest of her sex. May I speak out, among friends ? To be her father
is a proud distinction, but to be her usband-"
    Spare me from ever again hearing such a cry, as that with which her
father rose up from the table !
    "What's the matter ? " said Uriah, turning of a deadly colour. ('Yon
are not gone mad, after all, Mr. Wickfield, I hope ? If I say, I 've an
ambition to make your Agnes my Agnes, I have as good a right to it as
another man. I have a better right to it than any other man!"
    I had my arms round Mr. Wickfield, imploring him by everything that
I could think of, oftenest of all by his love for Agnes, to calm himself a
little. He was mad for the moment ; tearing out his hair, beating his
head, trying to force me from him and to force himself from me, not
answering a word, not looking at or seeing any one; blindly striving
for he knew not what, his face all staring and distorted-a frightful
spectacle.
    I conjured him, incoherently, but in the most impassioned manner, not
to abandon himself to this wildness, but to hear me. I besought him to
think of Agnes, to connect me with Agnes, to recollect how Agnes and I
had grown up together, how I honored her and loved her, how she was
his pride and joy. I tried to bring her idea before him in any form ; I even
reproached him with not having firmness to spare her the knowledge of such
a scene as this. I may have effected something, or his wildness may have
spent itself; but by degrees he struggled less, and began to looli at me-
strangely at first, then with recognition in his eyes. At length he said, "I
know, Trotwood ! My darling child and you-I know ! But look at him ! "
    He pointed to Uriah, pale and glowering in a corner, evidently very
much out in his calculations, and taken by surprise.
    " Look at my torturer," he replied.       " Before him I have step by step
abandoned name and reputation, peace and quiet, house and home."
    " I have kept your name and reputation for you, and your peace and
quiet, and your house and home too," said Uriah, with a sulky, hurried,
defeated air of compromise. " Don't be foolish, Mr. Wickfield. If I have
gone a little beyond what you were prepared for, I can go back I suppose ?
There's no harm done."
    " I looked for single motives in every one," said Mr. Wickfield, " and I

was satisfied I had bound him to me by motives of interest. But see what
he is-oh, see what he is ! "
    " You had better stop him, Copperfield, if you can,"            cried Uriah,
with his long fore-finger pointing towards me. " He 1' 1 say something
presently-mind you !-he '11 be sorry to have said afterwards, and you '11
be sorry to have heard ! "
    " I ' l l say anything ! " cried Mr. Wickfield, with a desperate air. "Why
should I not be in all the world's power if I am in yours ! "
