                        OF DAVID     COPPERFIELD.                       619
'till I a'most thowt it would have melted away. And now he's a
Magistrate."
      A Magistrate, eh ? " said I.
    Mr. Peggotty pointed to a certain paragraph in the newspaper, where I
read aloud as follows, from the "Port Middlebay Times :"

    "y2     The public dinner to our distinguished fellow-colonist and towns-
man, WILICINSMICAWBER,        ESQUIRE,Port Middlebay District Magistrate,
came off yesterday in the large room of the Hotel, which was crowded t o
suffocation. I t is estimated that not fewer than forty-seven persons must
have been accommodated with dinner at one time, exclusive of the com-
pany i n the passage and on the stairs. The beauty, fashion, and exclu-
siveness of Port Middlebay, flocked to do honor to one so deservedly
esteemed, so highly talented, and so widely popular. Doctor Me11 (of
Colonial Salem-Ilouse Grammar School, Port Middlebay) presided, and
on his right sat the distinguished guest. After the removal of the cloth,
and the singing of Non Nobis (beautifully executed, and in which we were
at no loss t o distinguish the bell-like notes of that gifted amateur,
W ~ L K I NMICAWBER,
             S            ESQUIRE, JUNIOR),     the usual loyal and patriotic
toasts were severally given and rapturously received. Doctor Mell, in a
speech replete with feeling, then proposed ' Our distinguished Guest, the
ornament of our town. May he never leave us but to better himself, and
may his success among us be such as to render his bettering himself
impossible ! ' The cheering with which the toast was received defies
description. Again and again it rose and fell, l ~ l t e the waves of
ocean. A t length all was hushed, and WILICINSRIICAWRER,            ESQUIRE,
presented himself to return thanks. Far be it from us, in the present
comparatively imperfect state of the resources of our establishment, to
endeavour to follow our distinguished townsman through the smoothly-
flowing periods of his polished and highly-ornate address ! Suffice it to
observe, that i t was a masterpiece of eloquence ; and that those passages
i n which he more particularly traced his own successful career to its
source, and warned the younger portion of his auditory from the shoals of
ever incurring pecuniary liabilities which they were unable to liquidate,
brought a tear into the manliest eye present. The remaining toasts were
DOCTOR     MELL; MRS. MICAWBER(who gracefully bowed her ackno~v-
ledgments from the side-door, where a galaxy of beauty was elevated on
chairs, a t once to witness and adorn the gratifying scenej; MRS.RIDGER
BEGS (late Miss Micawber); MRS. ELL; WILICINS ~ I C A W B E R ,
ESQUIRE, JUNIOR      (who convulsed the assembly by humorously remarking
that lie found himself unable to return thanks in a speech, but would do
so, with their permission, in a song) ; MRS. MICAWBER'S FAMILY          (well-
known, it is needless to remark, in the mother-country), &c. &c. &c. A t
the conclusion of the proceedings the tables were cleared as if by art-
magic for dancing. Among the votaries of TERPSICHORE,          who disported
themselves until Sol gave warning for departure, Wilkins Micawber,
Esquire, Junior, and the lovely and accomplished Miss Helena, fourth
daughter of Doctor Mell, were particularly remarkable."

   I was looking back to the name of Doctor Mell, pleased to have
