444           THE PERSONAL HISTORY lLUD EXPERIENCE

 at his call; and, considering the figure, I should think the Inner Temple
 must have made a profit by it.
     I have come out in another way. I have taken with fear and trembling
 to authorship. I wrote a little something, in secret, and sent it to a
 magazine, and it was published in the magazine. Since then, I have taken
 heart to write a good many trifling pieces. Now, I am regularly paid
 for them. Altogether, I am well off; when I tell my income on the
 fingers of my left hand, I pass the third finger and take in the fourth to
 the middle joint.
    We have removed, from Buckingham Street, to a pleasant little cottage
 very near the one I looked at, when my enthusiasm first came on. My
 aunt, however (who has sold the house at Dover, to good advantage), is
 not going to remain here, but intends removing herself to a still more
 tiny cottage close at hand. What does this portend? My marriage?
 Yes !
    Yes! I am going to be married to Dora! Miss Lavinia and Miss
 Clarissa have given their consent; and if ever canary birds were in a flutter,
they are. Miss Lavinia, self-charged with the superintendence of my
darling's wardrobe, is constantly cutting out brown-paper cuirasses, and
differing in opinion from a highly respectable young man, with a long
bundle, and a yardmeasureunder his arm. A dressmaker, always stabbed
in the breast with a needle and thread, boards and lodges in the house;
and seems to me, eating, drinking, or sleeping, never to take her thimble
off. They make a lay-figure of my dear. They are always sending for
her to come and try something on. We can't be happy together for five
minutes in the evening, but some intrusive female knocks at the door, and
 says, " Oh, if you please, Miss Dora, would you step up-stairs ! "
    Miss Clarissa and my aunt roam all over London, to find out articles of
furniture for Dora and me to look at. I t would be better for them to buy
the goods at once, without this ceremony of inspection ; for, when we go to
see a kitchen fender and meat-screen, Dora sees a Chinese house for Jip,
with little bells on the top, and prefers that. And it takes a long time to
accustom Jip to his new residence, after we have bought i t ; whenever
he goes in or out, he makes all the little bells ring, and is horribly
frightened.
    Yeggotty comes up to make herself useful, and falls to work imme-
diately. Her department appears to be, to clean everything over and over
again. She rubs everything that can be rubbed, until it shines, like her
own honest forehead, with perpetual friction. And now it is, that I begin
to see her solitary brother passing through the dark streets at night, and
looking, as he goes, among the wandering faces. I never speak to him at
such an hour. I know too well, as his grave figure passes onward, what
he seeks, and what he dreads.
    Why does Traddles look so important when he calls upon me this
afternoon in the Commons-where I still occasionally attend, for form's
sake, when I have time? The realisation of my boyish day-dreams is at
hand. I am going to take out the license.
    I t is a little document to do so much; and Traddles contemplates it, as
it lies upon my desk, half in admiration, half in awe. There are the names,
in the sweet old visionary connexion, David Copperfield and Dora Spenlow ;
