                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          559
  with towers and bnildings. When at last we got into the town, the
  people came out to their doors, all aslant, and with streaming hair,
  making a wonder of the mail that had come through such a night.
     I put up at the old inn, and went down to look at the sea; staggering
  along the street, which was strewn with sand and seaweed, and with flying
  blotches of sea-foam ; afraid of falling slates and tiles ; and holding by
 people I met, at angry corners. Coming near the beach, I saw, not only
 the boatmen, but half the people of the town, lurking behind buildings ;
 some, now and then braving the fnry of the storm to look away to sea,
 and blown sheer out of their course in trying to get zigzag back.
     Joining these groups, I fonnd bewailing women whose husbands were
 away in herring or oyster boats, which there was too much reason to
 think might have foundered before they could run in anywhere for safety.
 Grizzled old sailors were among the people, shaking their heads, as they
 looked from water to sky, and muttering to one another ; ship-owners,
 excited and uneasy ; children, huddling together, and peering into older
 faces ; even stout mariners, disturbed and anxious, levelling their glasses
 at the sea from behind places of shelter, as if they were surveying an
enemy.
    The tremendons sea itself, when I could find sufficient pause to look at
it, in the agitation of thc blinding wind, the flying stones and sand, and
the awful noise, confounded me. As the high watery walls came rolling in,
 and, at their highest, tumbled into surf, they looked as if the least would
 engulf the town. As the receding wave swept back with a hoarse roar, it
 seemed to scoop out deep caves in the beach, as if its purpose were to
undermine the earth. When some white-headed billows thundered on,
 and dashed themselves to pieces before they reached the land, every frag-
ment of the late whole seemed possessed by the full might of its wrath,
rushing to be gathered to the composition of another monster. Vndulating
hills were changed to valleys, undulating valleys (with a solitary storm-bird
 sometimes skimming through them) were lifted np to hills ; masses of water
 shivered and shook the beach with a booming sound; every shape tumul-
tuously rolled on, as soon as made, to change its shape and place, and beat
another shape and place away ; the ideal shore on the horizon, with its
towers and buildings, rose and fell; the clouds flew fast and thick; I
seemed to see a rending and upheaving of all nature.
    Kot finding Ham among the people whom this memorable wind-for
it is still remembered down there, as the greatest ever known to blow
upon that coast-had      brought together, I made my way to his house.
It was shut; and es no one answered to my knocking, I went, by back
ways and bye-lanes, to the yard where he worked. I learned, there, that
he had gone to Lowestoft, to meet some sudden exigency of ship-
repairing in which his skill was required; bnt that he would be back
to-morrow morning, in good time.
    I went back to the inn ; and when I had washed and dressed, and tried
to sleep, but in vain, it was five o'clock in the afternoon I had not sat
five minutes by the ccffee-room fire, when the walter, coming to stir it, as
an excuse for talking, told me that two colliers had gone down, with all
hands, a few miles away ; and that some other ships had been seen laboring
bard in the Roads, and trying, i n great distress, to keep off-shore. Mercy
