                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          463
    My aunt said this in a sprightly way, and gave me a kiss to ratify the
blessing.
    "Now," said she, " light my little lantern, and see me into my band-
box by the garden path;" for there was a communication between our
cottages in that direction. " Give Betsey Trotwood's love to Blossom,
when you come back; and whatever you do, Trot, never dream of setting
Betsey up as a scarecrow, for if I ever saw her in the glass, she's quite
grim enough and gaunt enough in her private capacity ! "
    TiVitli this my aunt tied her head up in a handkerchief, with which she
was accustomed to make a bundle of it on such occasions ; and I escorted
her home. ils she stood in her garden, holding up her little lantern to
light me back, I thought her observation of me had an anxious air again;
but I was too much occupied in pondering on what she had said, and
too much impressed-for the first time, in reality-by the conviction that
Dora and I had indeed to work out our future for ourselves, and that no
one could assist us, to take much notice of it.
    Dora came stealing down in her little slippers, to meet me, now that
I was alone; and cried upon my shoulder, and said I had been hard-
hearted and she had been naughty; and I said much the same thing in
effect, I believe; and we made it up, and agreed that our first little
difference was to be our last, and that we were never to have another if
we lived a hundred years.
    The next domestic trial we went through, was the Ordeal of Servants.
Mary Anne's cousin deserted into our coal-hole, and was brought out, to
our great amazement, by a piquet of his companions in arms, who took
him away handcuffed in a procession that covered our front-garden with
ignominy. This nerved me to get rid of Mary Anne, who went so mildly,
on receipt of wages, that I was surprised, until I found out about the
tea-spoons, and also about the little sums she had borrowed in my
name of the tradespeople without authority. After an interval of Mrs.
Kidgerbury-the oldest inhabitant of Kentish Town, 1believe, who went
O L L ~charing, but was too feeble to execute her conceptions of that art-we
found another treasure, who was one of the most amiable of women, but
who generally made a point of falling either up or down the kitchen stairs
with the tray, and almost always plunged into the parlor, as into a bath,
with the tea-things. The ravages committed by this unfortunate, render-
ing her dismissalnecessary, she was succeeded (withintervals of Mrs. Kid-
gerbury) by a long line of Incapables; terminating in a young person of
genteel appearance, who went to Greenwich Fair in Dora's bonnet. After
whom I remember nothing but an average equality of failure.
    Everybody we had anything to do with seemed to cheat us. Our
appearance in a shop was a signal for the damaged goods to be brought
out immediately. If we bought a lobster, it was full of water. All our
meat turned out to be tough, and there was hardly any crust to our
loaves. I n search of the principle on which joints ought to be roasted, to
be roasted enough, and not too much, I myself referred to the Cookery
Book, and found it there established as the allowance of a quarter of an
hour to every pound, and say a quarter over. But the principle always
failed us by some curious fatality, and we never could hit any medium
 between redness and cinders.
