                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         363
 another, will produce, say seventy pounds a-year. I think we may
 safely put it down at that. Well !-That's all we 've got," said my aunt ;
 with whom it was an idiosyncrasy, as it is with some horses, to stop very
 short when she appeared to be in a fair way of going on for a long
while.
    " Then," said my aunt, after a rest, " there's Dick. He's good for a
hundred a-year, but of course that must be expended on himself. I
would sooner send him away, though I know I am the only person who
appreciates him, than have him, and not spend his money on himself.
How can Trot and I do best, upon our means ? What do you say, Agnes ?"
    " I say, aunt," I interposed, " that I must do something !"

   " Go for a soldier, do you mean ?" returned my aunt, alarmed; " or go
to sea? I won't hear of it. You are to be a proctor. We're not going
to have any knockings on the head in this family, if you please, sir."
   I was about to explain that I was not desirous of introducing that mode
of provision into the family, when Agnes inquired if my rooms were held
for any long term ?
   " You come to the point, my dear," said my aunt.       " They are not to
be got rid of, for six months at least, unless they could be underlet, and
that I don't believe. The last man died here. Five people out of six
would die-of course-of that woman in nankeen with the flannel petticoat.
I have a little ready money; and I agree with you, the best thing we can
do, is, to live the term out here, and get Dick a bed-room hard by."
   I thought it my duty to hint at the discomfort my aunt would
sustain, from living in a continual state of guerilla warfare with Mrs.
Crupp; but she disposed of that objection summarily by declaring, that,
on the first demonstration of hostilities, she was prepared to astonish
Mrs. Crupp for the whole remainder of her natural life.
   " I have been thinking, Trotwood," said Agnes, diffidently, " that if

you had time-"
   " I have a good deal of time, Agnes. I am always disengaged after
four or five o'clock, and I have time early in the morning. I n one way
and another," said I, conscious of reddening a little as I thought of the
hours and hours I had devoted to fagging about town, and to and fro
upon the Norwood Road, " I have abundance of time."
    " I know you would not mind," said Agnes, coming to me, and
speaking in a low voice, so full of sweet and llopeful consideration that I
hear it now, " the duties of a secretary."
    " Mind, my dear Agnes ? "
    " Because," continued Agnes, " Doctor Strong has acted on his
 intention of retiring, and has come to live in London ; and he asked papa,
I know, if he could recommend him one. Don't you think he would
 rather have his favorite old pupil near him, than anybody else? "
    " Dear Agnes ! " said I. " What should I do without you ! You are
 always my good angel. I told you so. I never think of you in any
 other light."
    Agnes answered with her pleasant laugh, that one good angel (meaning
Dora) was enough; and went on to remind me that the Doctor had been
used to occupy himself in his study, early in the morning, and in the
evening-and that probably my leisure would suit his requirements very
well. I was scarcely more delighted with the prospect of earning my
