270           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    His repudiation of this offer was almost shrill enough, in the excess of
its surprise and humility, to have penetrated to the ears of Mrs. Crupp,
then sleeping, I suppose, in a dlstant chamber, situated at about the
level of low water mark, soothed in her slumbers by the ticking of an
incorrigible clock, to which she always referred me when we had any little
difference on the score of punctuality, and which was never less than
three quarters of an hour too slow, and had always been put right in the
morning by the best authorities. As no arguments I could urge, in my
bewildered condition, had the least effect upon his modesty in inducing
him to accept my bed-room, I was obliged to make the best arrangements
I could, for his repose before the fire. The mattress of the sofa (which
was a great deal too short for his lank figure), the sofa pillows, a blanket,
the table-cover, a clean breakfast-cloth, and a great coat, made him a bed
and covering, for which he was more than thankful. Having lent him a
nightcap, which he put on at once, and in which he made such an awful
figure that I have never worn one since, I left him t o his rest.
   I never shall forget that night. I never shall forget how I turned and
tumbled; how I wearied myself with thinking about Agnes and this
creature ; how I considered what could I do, and what ought I to do;
how I could come to no other conclusion than that the best course for
her peace, was to do nothing, and to keep to myself what I had heard.
If I went to sleep for a few moments, the image of Agnes with her
tender eyes, and of her father looking fondly on her, as I had so often
seen him look, arose before me with appealing faces, and filled me with
vague terrors. When I awoke, the recollection that Uriah was lying in
the next room sat heavy on me like a waking night-mare ; and oppressed
me with a leaden dread, as if I had had some meaner quality of devil for
a lodger.
   The poker got into my dozing thoughts besides, and wouldn't come out.
I thought, between sleeping and waking, that it was still red hot, and I
had snatched it out of the fire, and run him through the body. I was so
haunted at last by the idea, though I knew there was nothing in it, that
I stole into the next room to look at him. There I saw him, lying on his
back, with his legs extending to I don't know where, gurglings taking
place in his throat, stoppages in his nose, and his mouth open like a post-
office. He was so much worse in reality than in my distempered fancy,
that afterwards I was attracted to him in very repulsion, and could not
help wandering in and out every half hour or so, and taking another look
at him. Still, the long, long night seemed heavy and hopeless as ever,
and no promise of day was in the murky sky.
   When I saw him going down stairs early in the morning (for, thank
Heaven ! he would not stay to breakfast), it appeared to me as if the night
was going away in his person. When I went out to the Commons, I
charged Mrs. Crnpp with particular directions to leave the windows open,
that my sitting-room might be aired, and purged of his presence.
