  6                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.
 --                                                         --




                                                HOW TO MAKE
                      ASMALL GARDEN PLEASANT AND PROFITABLE,
                    H E UNION OF FRUITS WITH FLOWER
                              With correctly-coloured Illustrations
                   OF T H E BEST OF EACH, AND PLAIN INSTRUCTIONS FOR T H E I R
                                         MANAGEMENT.
                                          .L.S.,AND OTHER PRACTICAL HORTICULTURISTS.
                                          work combining these mteresting subjects.
                                          Large Paper, 11.6d. Small, 1s.




    "THE BOTANICGARDENAND FRUITIST. By B. MAUND,F.L.S.-This is a publication peculiarly adapted
 for the purposes of instruction in a most interesting study, the researches into which are endless. Those who
 have missed the opportunity of giving their attention t o its contents can scarcely he aware of the loss they
 Sustain, for we know none of the works of this class which can afford greater facilities for imparting informa.
 tion and giving practical hints for the cultivation of hardy flowering plants, and a s t o the best mode of rearing
 the most valuable sorts of fruit. The book is illustrated with the greatest care, attention being given t o this
 portion of it that it may possess equal advantages t o the matter contained i n the letterpress."--BeN's
 Messenger, March 5, 1849.

                         Just Published, C 18m0,cloth hoavds,price One Shillimg,
 A WORD TO PARENTS, NURSES, AND TEACHERS,
                                                      ON THE

              REARING AND MANAGEMENT OF CHILDREN.
                                          BY ESTHER COPLEY,
                                      Author of'' Cottage Comforts," &c.
                      LONDON: GROOMBRIDGE & SONS, 5, PATERNOSTER ROW.

                                      AN ATLAS FOR ONE SHILLING.

            GROOMBRIDGE'S SHILLING ATLAS.
                             TO ILLUSTRATE ALL GEOGRAPHIES.
  Comprising Eight highly-finished and very superior Steel Plate Maps ; viz., THE WORLD-EUROPE-ASIA-
A P R I ~ A - N ~ and
                  ~ T ~YOUTH AMERICA-BRITISHISLES, and AUSTRALASIA; and a n INDEX of 2100 Places
with their Latitudes and Longitudes.
  *** Expressly suited for general introduction in large establishments. No child should be without
this Atlas.
                     LONDON : GROOMBRIDGE & SONS, 5, PATERNOSTER ROW.
                    --
                                            I n 18m0, price Ninepence,

                  LESSONS O N HOUSEWIFERY.
         FOR THE USE OF INDUSTRIAL AND OTHER SCHOOLS AND COTTAGER'S FAMILIES.
                                   BY JOHN WHITE, M.R.C.S.,
      Honorary Secretary t o the Holy Trinity Finchley National an!, Industrial Schools, and Author of
                                        "Popular Lectures on Man.
                     LONDON: GROOMBRIDGE & SONS, 6, PATERNOSTER ROW.

                                A PRESENT F O R A CHILD.
                                         Neatly bound in cloth, price Is.,

                 T H E GOOD BOY H E N R Y ;
                                OR. THE YOUNG CHILD'S BOOK OF MANNERS.
Translated from the Dutch by JOHN INGRAM LOCKHART, F.R.A.S., Author of " Attica and Athens," &c.
                            With a Dissertation by the Rev. NICHOLASBEETS,D.D.. Holland.
  * # I t is a little work that cannot fail unquestionably to produce a good effect on the generous minds of
children. and is well worthy of being widely adopted in our nurseries and early schools."-Morning Advertism,
April 11..
                         LONDON: GROOMBRIDGE & SONS, 5, PATERNOSTER ROW.
