426           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  " Oh dear no ! " said Traddles.
  " Paint at all? "
   " Not at all," said Traddles.
   I promised Traddles that he should hear Dora sing, and see some of
her flower-painting. H e said he should like it very much, and we went
home arm in arm in great good humour and delight. I encouraged him to
talk about Sophy, on the way; which he did with a loving reliance on her
that I very much admired. I compared her in my mind with Dora, with
considerable inward satisfaction; but I candidly admitted to myself that
she seemed to be an excellent kind of girl for Traddles, too.
   Of course my aunt was immediately made acquainted with the successful
issue of the conference, and with all that had been said and done in the
course of it. She was happy to see me so happy, and promised to call
on Dora's aunts without loss of time. But she took such a long walk up
and down our rooms that night, while I was writing to Agnes, that I began
to think she meant to walk till morning.
   My letter to Agnes was a fervent and grateful one, narrating all the
good effects that had resulted from my following her advice. She wrote,
by return of post, to me. Her letter was hopeful, earnest, and cheerful.
She was always cheerful from that time.
   I had my hands more full than ever, now. My daily journies to High-
gate considered, Putney was a long way off; and I naturally wanted to go
there as often as I could. The proposed tea-drinkings being quite
impracticable, I compounded with Miss Lavinia for permission to visit
every Saturday afternoon, without detriment to my privileged Sundays.
90, the close of every week was a delicious time for me; and I got through
the rest of the week by looking forward to it.
   I was wonderfully relieved to find that my aunt and Dora's aunts
rubbed on, all things considered, much more smoothly than I could have
expected. My aunt made her promised visit within a few days of the
conference; and within a few more days, Dora's aunts called upon
her, in due state and form. Similar but more friendly exchanges took
place afterwards, usually at intervals of three or four weeks. I know that
my aunt distressed Dora's aunts very much, by utterly setting at naught
the dignity of fly-conveyance, and walking out to Putney at extraordinary
times, as shortly after breakfast or just before tea; liltewise by wearing
her bonnet in any manner that happened to be comfortable to her head,
without at all deferring to the prejudices of civilisation on that subject.
But Dora's aunts soon agreed to regard my aunt as an eccentric and
somewhat masculine lady, with a strong understanding; and although my
aunt occasionally ruffled the feathers of Dora's aunts, by expressing
heretical opinions on various points of ceremony, she loved me too well
not to sacrifice some of her little peculiarities to the general harmony.
   The only member of our small society, who positively refused to adapt
himself to circumstances, was Jip. H e never saw my aunt without
immediately displaying every tooth in his head, retiring under a chair, and
growling incessantly: with now and then a doleful bowl, as if she really
were too much for his feelings. All kinds of treatment were tried with
him, coaxing, scolding, slapping, bringing him to Buckingham Street
(where he instantly dashed at the two cats, to the terror of all beholders) ;
