456           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   "I am very sorry," she said. " Will you try to teach me, Doady ? "
   "I must teach myself first, Dora," said I. " I am as bad as you,
love."
   "Ah ! But you can learn," she returned ; " and you are a clever, clever
man ! "
   " Nonsense, mouse ! " said I.

   "I wish," resumed my wife, after a long silence, "that I could have
gone down into the country for a whole year, and lived with Agnes ! "
   Her hands were clasped upon my shoulder, and her chin rested on them,
and her blue eyes looked quietly into mine.
   " Why so ? " I asked.

   " I think she might have improved me, and I think I might have learnt
from her," said Dora.
   "All in good time, my love. Agnes has had her father to take care of
for these many years, you should remember. Even when she was quite a
child, she was the Agnes whom we know," said I.
   " Will you call me a name I want you to call me? " inquired Dora,

without moving.
   " What is i t ? " I asked with a smile.

   " I t ' s a stupid name," she said, shaking her curls for a moment.
" Child-wife."
   I laughingly asked my child-wife what her fancy was in desiring to be
so called? She answered without moving, otherwise than as the arm I
twined about her may have brought her blue eyes nearer to me :
   " I don't mean, you silly fellow, that you should use the name, instead

of Dora. I only mean that you should think of me that way. When you
are going to be angry with me, say to yourself, ' it's only my child-wife ! '
When I am very disappointing, say, ' I knew, a long time ago, that she
would make but a child-wife ! ' When you miss what I should like to be,
and I think can never be, say, ' still my foolish child-wife loves me !' For
indeed I do."
   I had not been serious with her ; having no idea, untilnow, that she was
serious herself. But her affectionate nature was so happy in what I now
said to her with my whole heart, that her face became a laughing one
before her glittering eyes were dry. She was soon my child-wife indeed;
sitting down on the floor outside the Chinese House, ringing all the little
bells one after another, to punish Jip for his recent bad behaviour ; while
Jip lay blinking in the doorway with his head out, even too lazy to be
teased.
   This appeal of Dora's made a strong impression on me. I look back on
the time I write of; I invoke the innocent figure that I dearly loved, to
come out from the mists and shadows of the past, and turn its gentle
head towards me once again; and I can still declare that this one little
speech was constantly in my memory. I may not have used it to the best
account ; I was young and inexperienced ; but I never turned a deaf ear
to its artless pleading.
   Dora told me, shortly afterwards, that she was going to be a wonderful
housekeeper. Accordingly, she polished the tablets, pointed the pencil,
bought an immense account-book, carefully stitched up with a needle and
thread all the leaves of the Cookery-Book which Jip had torn, and made
