                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           333
   c c He is a deeply-injured man, Miss Dartle," I replied.  " You may not

 know it."
   'I I know that James Steerforth," she said, with her hand on her bosom,

as if to prevent the storm that was raging there, from being loud, "has a
false, corrupt heart, and is a traitor. But what need I know or care about
this fellow, and his common niece ? "
       Miss Dartle," I returned, "you deepen the injury. I t is sufficient
already. I will only say, at parting, that you do him a great wrong."
   " I do him no wrong," she returned. " They are a depraved worth-
less set. I would have her whipped! "
   Mr. Peggotty passed on, without a word, and went out at the door.
    " Oh, shame, Miss Dartle ! shame ! " I said indignantly.     " How can
you bear to trample on his undeserved affliction ! "
    " I would trample on them all," she answered. " I would have his
house pulled down. I would have her branded on the face, drest in rags,
and cast out in the streets to starve. If I had the power to sit in judg-
ment on her, I would see it done. See it done ? I would do it ! I
detest her. If I ever could reproach her with her infamous condition,
I would go anywhere to do so. If I could hunt her to her grave, I
would. If there was any word of comfort that would be a solace to her in
her dying hour, and only I possessed it, I wouldn't part with it for
Life itself."
   The mere vehemence of her words can convey, I am sensible, but a weak
impression of the passion by which she was possessed, and which made
itself articulate in her whole figure, though her voice, instead of being
raised, was lower than usual. No description I could give of her would
do justice to my recollection of her, or to her entire deliverance of herself
to her anger. I have seen passion in many forms, but I have never seen
it in such a form as that.
   When I joined Mr. Peggotty, he was walking slowly and thoughtfully
down the hill. H e told me, as soon as I came up with him, that having
now discharged his mind of what he had purposed doing in London, he
meant "to set out on his travels," that night. I asked him where he
meant to go ? He only answered, I 'm a going, sir, to seek my niece."
                                    ('

   We went back to the little lodging over the chandler's shop, and there
I found an opportunity of repeating to Peggotty what he had said to me.
She informed me, in return, that he had said the same to her that morn-
ing. She knew no more than I did, where he was going, but she thought
he had some project shaped out in his mind.
    I did not like to leave him, under such circumstances, and we all three
dined together off a beefsteak pie-which was one of the many good
things for which Peggotty was famous-and which was curiously flavoured
on this occasion, I recollect well, by a miscellaneous taste of tea, coffee,
butter, bacon, cheese, new loaves, firewood, candles, and walnut ketchup,
continually ascending from the shop. After dinner we sat for an hour or
so near the window, without talking much; and then Mr. Peggotty got
up, and brought his oilskin bag and his stout stick, and laid them on
the table.
    He accepted, from his sister's stock of ready money, a small sum on
account of his legacy; barely enough, I should have thought, to keep
