328          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " I must go," she said at last, rising as she spoke. "It's late. You
don't mistrust me ? "
    Meeting her sharp glance, which was as sharp as ever when she asked
me, I could not on that short challenge answer no, quite frankly.
    " Come ! " said she, accepting the offer of my hand to help her over the

fender, and looking wistfully up into my face, "you know you wouldn't
mistrust me, if I was a full-sized woman ! "
    I felt that there was much truth in this; and I felt rather ashamed
of myself.
    " You are a young man," she said, nodding. "Take a word of advice,
even from three foot nothing. Try not to associate bodily defects with
mental, my good friend, except for a solid reason."
    She had got over the fender now, and I had got over my suspicion. I
told her that I believed she had given me a faithful account of herself, and
that we had both been hapless instruments in designing hands. She
thanked me, and said I was a good fellow.
    " Now, mind ! " she exclaimed, turning back on her way to the door,
and looking shrewdly at me, with her forefinger up again. " I have
some reason to suspect, from what I have heard-my ears are always
open; I can't afford to spare what powers I have-that they are gone
abroad. But if ever they return, if ever any one of them returns, while I
am alive, I am more likely than another, going about as I do, to find it
out soon. Whatever I know, you shall know. If ever I can do anything
to serve the poor betrayed girl, I will do it faithfully, please Heaven !
And Littimer had better have a bloodhound at his back, than little
Mowcher ! "
    I placed implicit faith in this last statement, when I marked the look
with which it was accompanied.
    " Trust me no more, but trust me no less, than you would trust a full-

sized woman," said the little creature, touching me appealingly on the
wrist. " If ever you see me again, unlike what I am now, and like what
I was when you first saw me, observe what company I am in. Call
to mind that I am a very helpless and defenceless little thing. Think
of me at home with my brother like myself and sister like myself, when
my day's work is done. Perhaps you wont, then, be very hard upon me,
or surprised if I can be distressed and serious. Good nieht ! "
    I gave Miss Mowcher my hand, with avery different opinion of her from
that which I had hitherto entertained, and opened the door to let her out.
I t was not a trifling business to get the great umbrella up, and properly
balanced in her grasp ; but at last I successfully accomplished this, and saw
it go bobbing down the street through the rain, without the least appear-
ance of having anybody underneath it, except when a heavier fall than
usual from some overcharged water-spout sent it toppling over, on one
side, and discovered Miss Mowcher struggling violently to get it right.
After making one or two sallies to her relief, which were rendered futile
by the umbrella's hopping on again, like an immense bird, before I could
reach it, I came in, went to bed, and slept till morning.
    I n the morning I was joined by Mr. Peggotty and by my old nurse, and
we went at an early hour to the coach office, where Mrs. Gummidge and
Ham were waiting to take leave of us.
