70              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 occasion. I t was the day of the week on which Mr. Sharp went out to
 get his wig curled; so Mr. Mell, who always did the drudgery, whatever
 it was, kept school by himself.
    If I could associate the idea of a bull or a bear with any one so mild
 as Mr. Mell, I should think of him, in connexion with that afternoon when
the uproar was at its height, as of one of those animals, baited by a thousand
 dogs. I recall him bending his aching head, supported on his bony
hand, over the book on his desk, and wretchedly endeavouring to get on
with his tiresome work, amidst an uproar that might have made the
Speaker of the House of Commons giddy. Boys started in and out of
their places, playing at puss in the corner with other boys; there were
laughing boys, singing boys, talking boys, dancing boys, howling boys ;
boys shuffled with their feet, boys whirled about him, grinning, making
faces, mimicking him behind his back and before his eyes : mimicking his
poverty, his boots, his coat, his mother, everything belonging to him that
they should have had consideration for.
    " Silence ! " cried Mr. Mell, suddenly rising up, and striking his desk

with the book. "What does this mean! It's impossible to bear it.
It's maddening. How can you do it to me, boys? "
    I t was my book that he struck his desk with; and as I stood beside
him, following his eye as it glanced round the room, I saw the boys all
stop, some suddenly surprised, some half afraid, and some sorry perhaps.
    Steerforth's place was at the bottom of the school, at the opposite end
of the long room. H e was lounging with his back against the wall, and
his hands in his pockets, and looked at Mr. Me11 with his mouth shut up
as if he were whistling, when Mr. Me11 looked at him.
    " Silence, Mr. Steerforth ! " said Mr. Mell.

    " Silence yourself,"  said Steerforth, turning red. " Whom are you
talking to ? "
    " Sit down," said Mr. Mell.
    "Sit down yourself," said Steerforth, " and mind your business."
    There was a titter, and some applause ; but Mr. Me11 was so white, that
silence immediately succeeded ; and one boy, who had darted out behind
him to imitate his mother again, changed his mind, and pretended to want
a pen mended.
    "If you think, Stecrforth," said Mr. Mell, " that I am not acquainted
with the power you can establish over any mind here"-he laid his hand,
without considering what he did (as I supposed), upon my head-" or that
I have not observed you, within a few minutes, urging your juniors on to
every sort of outrage against me, you are mistaken."
    " I don't give myself the trouble of thinking at all about you," said
Steerforth, coolly; " so I'm not mistaken, as it happens."
    " And when you make use of your position of favoritism here, sir,"

pursued Mr. Mell, with his lip trembling very much, " to insult a
gentleman-"
    " A what ?-where is he ?" said Steerforth.
    Here somebody cried out, " Shame, J. Steerforth ! Too bad ! " It was
Traddles ; whom Mr. Me11 instantly discomfited by bidding him hold his
tongue.
    -"   To insult one who is not fortunate in life, sir, and who never gave
