604           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

grey hair, by which I remembered him, was almost gone; and the thick
veins in his bald head were none the more agreeable to look at.
    After some conversation among these gentlemen, fkom which I might
have supposed that there was nothing in the world to be legitimately
taken into account but the supreme comfort of prisoners, at any expense,
and nothing on the wide earth to be done outside prison-doors, we began
our inspection. I t being then just dinner-time, we went, first into the
great kitchen, where every prisoner's dlnner was in course of being set
out separately (to be handed to him in his cell), with the regularity and
precision of clock-work. I said aside, to Traddies, that l wondered
whether it occurred to anybody, that there was a striking contrast between
these plentiful repasts of cho~cequality, and the dinners, not to say of
paupers, but of soldiers, sailors, laborers, the great bulk of the honest,
working community ; of whom not one man in five hundred ever dined half
so well. But I learned that the " system" required high living; and, in
short, to dispose of the system, once for all, I found that on that head
and on all others, "the system " put an end to all doubts, and disposed of
all anomalies. Nobody appeared to have the least idea that there was any
other system, but the system, to be considered.
    As we were going through some of the magnificent passages, I inquired
of Mr. Creakle and his friends what were supposed to be the main
advantages of this all-governing and universally over-riding system? 1
found them to be the perfect isolation of prisoners-so that no one man
in confinement there, knew anything about another; and the reduction of
prisoners to a wholesome state of mind, leading to sincere contrition and
repentance.
    Now, it struck me, when we began to visit individuals in their cells,
and to traverse the passages in whlch those cells were, and to have the
manner of the going to chapel and so forth, explained to us, that there was
a strong probability of the prisoners knowing a good deal about each other,
and of their carrying on a pretty complete system of intercourse. This, at
the time I write, has been proved, I believe, to be the case; but, as i t
would have been flat blasphemy against the system to have hinted such a
doubt then, I looked out for the penitence as diligently as I could.
    And here again, I had great misgivings. I found as prevalent a
fashion in the form of the penitence, as I had left outside in the
forms of the coats and waistcoats in the windows of the tailors' shops.
I found a vast amount of profession, varying very little in character:
 varying very little (which I thought exceedingly suspicious), even in
 words. I found a great many foxes, disparaging whole lineyards of
 inaccessible grapes; but I found very few foxes whom I would have
 trusted within reach of a bunch. Above all, I found that the most pro-
 fessing men were the greatest objects of interest; and that their conceit,
 their vanity, their want of excitement, and their love of deception (which
 many of them possessed to an almost incredible extent, as their histories
 showed), all prompted to these professions, and were all gratified by them.
     However, I heard so repeatedly, in the course of our goings to and fro,
  of a certain Number Twenty Seven, who was the Favorite, and who really
  appeared to be a Model Prisoner, that I resolved to suspend my judgment
  untll I should see Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight, I understood, was also
