                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

     " Miss Betsey Trotwood," said the gentleman, " pray walk in. I was
 engaged for the moment, but you'll excuse my being busy. You know
 my motive. I have but one in life."
    Miss Betsey thanked him, and we went into his room, which was fur-
 nished as an office, with books, papers, tin boxes, and so forth. I t looked
 into a garden, and had an iron safe let into the wall ; so immediately over
 the mantel-shelf, that I wondered, as I sat down, how the sweeps got
 round it when they swept the chimney.
     " Well, Miss Trotwood," said Mr. Wickfield ; for I soon found that it

 was he, and that he was a lawyer, and steward of the estates of a rich
 gentleman of the county; "what wind blows you here? Not an ill
 wind, I hope ? "
    "No," replied my aunt, "I have not come for any law."
    " That 's right, ma'am," said Mr. Wickfield.      " You had better come

for anything eise."
    His hair was quite white now, though his eyebrows were still black.
H e had a very agreeable face, and, I thought, was handsome. There was
a certain richness in his complexion, which I had been long accustomed,
under Peggotty's tuition, to connect with port wine ; and I fancied it was
in his voke too, and referred his gowing corpulency to the same cause.
He was very cleanly dressed, in a blue coat, striped waistcoat, and nankeen
trowsers ; and his h e frilled shirt and cambric neckcloth looked unusually
soft and white, reminding my strolling fancy (I call to mind) of the
plumage on the breast of a swan.
    &lt;' This is my nephew," said my aunt.
    "Wasn't aware you had one, Miss Trotwood," said Mr. Wickfield.
       My grand-nephew, that is to say," observed my aunt.
       Wasn't aware you had a grand-nephew, I give you my word," said
Mr. Wickfield.
    " I have adopted him," said my aunt, with a wave of her hand,
importing that his knowledge and his ignorance were all one to her, " and
I have brought him here, to put him to a school where he may be
thoroughly well taught, and well treated. Now tell me where that school
is, and what it is, and all about it."
    "Before I can advise you properly," said Mr. Wickfield,-" the old
question, you know. What 's your motive in this ? "
    "Deuce take the man!" exclaimed my aunt. "Always fishing for
motives, when they 're on the surface! Why, to make the child happy
and useful."
    " I t must be a mixed motive, I think," said Mr. Wickfield, shaking- his
head and smiling incredulously.
    cc A mixed fiddlestick ! " returned my aunt.   " You claim to have one
plain motive in all you do yourself. You don't suppose, I hope, that you
are the only plain dealer in the world ? "
    " Ay, but I have only one motive in life, Miss Trotwood," he rejoined,
smiling. " Other people have dozens, scores, hundreds. I have only one.
There's the difference. However, that's beside the question. The best
school? Whatever the motive, you want the best ? "
   My aunt nodded assent.
   " At the best we have," said Mr. Wickfield, considering, " your nephew

couldn't board just now."
