                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         429
laudation. The man who reviews his own life, as I do mine, in going on
here, from page to page, had need to have been a good man indeed, if he
would be spared the sharp consciousness of many talents neglected, many
opportunities wasted, many erratic and perverted feelings constantly at
war within his breast, and defeating him. I do not hold one natural gift,
I dare say, that I have not abused. My meaning simply is, that whatever
I have tried to do in life, I have tried with all my heart to do well; that
whatever I have devoted myself to, I have devoted myself to completely ;
that, in great aims and in small, I have always been thoroughly in earnest.
I have never believed it possible that any natural or improved ability can
 claim immunity from the companionship of the steady, plain, hard-
 working qualities, and hope to gain its end. There is no such thing as
 such fulfilment on this earth. Some happy talent, and some fortunate
 opportunity, may form the two sides of the ladder on which some men
 mount, but the rounds of that ladder must be made of stuff to stand
 wear and tear; and there is no substitute for thorough-going, ardent,
 and sincere earnestness. Never to put one hand to anything, on which
 I could throw my whole self; and never to affect depreciation of my work,
 whatever it was ; I find, now, to have been my golden rules.
    How much of the practice I have just reduced to precept, I owe to
 Agnes, I will not repeat here. My narrative proceeds to Agnes, with a
 thankful love.
    She came on a visit of a fortnight to the Doctor's. Mr. Wickfield was
 the Doctor's old friend, and the Doctor wished to talk with him, and do him
 good. I t had been matter of conversation with Agnes when she was last
 in town, and this visit was the result. She and her father came together.
 I was not much surprised to hear from her that she had engaged to find a
 lodging in the neighbourhood for Mrs. Heep, whose rheumatic complaint
 required change of air, and who would be charmed to have it in such
 company. Neither was I surprised when, on the very next day, Uriah,
 like a dutiful son, brought his worthy mother to take possession.
    " You see, Master Copperfield," said he, as he forced himself upon my
 company for a turn in the Doctor's garden, " where a person loves, a
 person is a little jealous-leastways,    anxious to keep an eye on the
 beloved one."
    " Of whom are you jealous, now? " said I.

    "Thanks to you, Master Copperfield," he returned, " of no one in
 particular just at present-no male person, at least."
    " Do you mean that you are jealous of a female person ? "
    H e gave me a sidelong glance out of his sinister red eyes, and laughed.
    "Really, Master Copperfield," he said, "-I should say Mister, but I
 know you '11 excuse the abit I 've got into-you 're so insinuating, that
 you draw me like a corkscrew ! Well, I don't mind telling you," putting
 his fish-like hand on mine, "I 'm not a lady's man in general, sir, and I
 never was, with Mrs. Strong."
    His eyes looked green now, as they watched mine with a rascally
 cunning.
    "What do you mean? " said I.
    "Why, though I am a lawyer, Master Copperfield," he replied, with a
 dry grin, "I mean, just at present, what I say."
