438           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   " My life with this lady has been very happy.      Until to-night, I have
had uninterrupted occasion to bless the day on which I did her great
injustice."
   His voice, more and more faltering in the utterance of these words,
stopped for a few moments; then he went on :
   " Once awakened from my dream-I        have been a poor dreamer, in one
way or other, all my life-I     see how natural it is that she should have
some regretful feeling towards her old companion and her equal. That
she does regard him with some innocent regret, with some blameless
thoughts of what might have been, but for me, is, I fear, too true.
Much that I have seen, but not noted, has come back upon me with new
meaning, during this last trying hour. But, beyond this, gentlemen, the
dear lady's name never must be coupled with a word, a breath, of doubt."
   For a little while, his eye kindled and his voice was firm ; for a little
while he was again silent. Presently, he proceeded as before :
   " I t only remains for me, to bear the knowledge of the unhappiness

I have occasioned, as submissively as I can. It is she who should
reproach ; not I. To save her from misconstruction, cruel miscon-
struction, that even my friends have not been able to avoid, becomes my
duty. The more retired we live, the better I shall discharge it. And
when the time comes-may it come soon, if it be His merciful pleasure!-
when my death shall release her from constraint, I shall close my eyes
upon her honored face, with ~xnboundedconfidence and love; and leave
her, wit11 no sorrow then, to happier and brighter days.
   I could not see him for the tears which his earnestness and goodness,
 so adorned by, and so adorning, the perfect simplicity of his manner,
brought into my eyes. He had moved to the door, when he added :
   " Gentlemen, I have shown you my heart.       I am sure you will respect
it. What we have said to-night is never to be said more. Wickfield,
give me an old friend's arm up-stairs ! "
   Mr. Wickfield hastened to him. Without interchanging a word they
went slowly out of the room together, Uriah looking after them.
   "Well, Master Copperfield ! " said Uriah, meekly turning to me. " The
thing hasn't took quite the turn that might have been expected, for the old
Scholar-what an excellent man !-is as blind as a brickbat; but this
family's out of the cart, I think ! '"
   I needed bnt the sonnd of his voice to be so madly enraged as I never
was before, and never have been since.
   " You ~lllain," said I, "what do you mean by entrapping me into your

schemes? How dare you appeal to me just now, you false rascal, as if we
had been in discussion together ? :'
   As we stood, front to front, I saw so plainly, in the stealthy exultation
of his face, what I already so plainly knew; I mean that he forced his
confidence upon me, expressly to make me miserable, and had set a
deliberate trap for me in this very matter; that I couldn't bear it. The
whole of his lank cheek was invitingly before me, and I struck it with my
open hand with that force that my Sngers tingled as if I had burnt
them.
   Me caught the hand in his, and we stood, in that connexion, looking
at each other. R e stood so, a long time; long enough for me to see the
