552            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPER~ENCE

seriously. " I should say he must have pocketed a good deal, in one way or
other. But, I think you would find, Copperfield, if you had an oppor-
tunity of observing his course, that money would never keep that man
out of mischief. H e is such an incarnate hypocrite, that whatever object
he pursues, he must pursue crookedly. I t 'S his only compensation for the
outward restraints he puts upon himself. Always creeping along the
ground to some small end or other, lie will always magnify every object in
the way ; and consequently will hate and suspect every body that comes, in
the most innocent manner, between him and it. So, the crooked courses
will become crookeder, at any moment, for the least reason, or for none.
I t 'S only necessary to consider his history here," said Traddles, " t o
know that."
       He 'S a monster of meanness ! " said my aunt.
     "Really I don't know about that," observed Traddles thoughtfully.
   Many people can be very mean, when they give their minds to it."
     " And now, touching Mr. Micawber," said my aunt.
     "Well, really," said Traddles, cheerfully, "I must, once more, give
 Mr. Micawber high praise. But for his having been so patient and per-
 severing for so long a time, we never could have hoped to do anything
 worth speaking of. And I think we ought to consider that Mr. Micawber
 did right, for right's sake, when we reflect what terms he might have made
 with Uriah Heep himself, for his silence."
     " I think so too," said I.
     " Now, what would you give him? " inquired my aunt.
     "Oh! Before you come to that," said Traddles, a little disconcerted,
 " I am afraid I thought it discreet to omit (not being able to carry every-
 thing before me) two points, in making this lawless adjustment-for it's
 perfectly lawless from beginning to end-of          a difficult affair. Those
 I. 0. U.'s, and so forth, which Mr. Nicawber gave him for the advances
 he had-"
     "Well ! They must be paid," said my aunt.
     "Yes, but I don't know when they may be proceeded on, or where they
 are," rejoined Traddles, opening his eyes ; '' and I anticipate, that, between
 this time and his departure, Mr. Micawber will be constantly arrested, or
 taken in execution."
     " Then he must be constantly set free again, and taken out of execution,"
 said my aunt. " What 'S the amount altogether ? "
     " Why, Mr. Micawber has entered the transactions-he calls them
 transactions-with great form, in a book," rejoined Traddles, smiling;
 " and he makes the amount a hundred and three pounds, five."
     "Now, what shall we give him, that sum included? " said my aunt.
 "Agnes, my dear, yon and I can talk about division of it afterwards.
 What should it be? Five hundred pounds? "
     Upon this, Traddles and I both struck in at once. We both recom-
 mended a small sum in money, and the payment, without stipulation
 to Mr. Micawber, of the Uriah claims as they came in. We proposed
 that the family should. have their passage and their outfit, and a
 hundred pounds; and that Mr. Mica~vber's arrangement for the repay-
 ment of the advances should be gravely entered into, as it might be
 wholesome for him to suppose himself under that responsibility. To this,
