              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

What he supposed, for example, Ham would do, if he and Steerforth ever
should encounter ?
   "I doen't know, sir," he replied. "I have thowt of it oftentimes, but
I can't arrize myself of it, no matters."
   I recalled to his remembrance the morning after her departure, when
we were all three on the beach. "Do you recollect," said I, " a certain
wild way in which he looked out to sea, and spoke about 'the end of it.' "
   " Sure I do ! " said he.
   "What do you suppose he meant ? "
   " Mas'r Davy," he replied, " I 've put the question to myself a mort

o' times, and never found no answer. And theer 's one curous thing-
that, though he is so pleasant, I wouldn't fare to feel comfortable to try
and get his mind upon 't. I-Ie never said a wured to me as warn't as
dootiful as dootiful could be, and it ain't likely as he'd begin to speak
any other ways now; but it's fur from being fleet water in his mind,
where them thowts lays. I t ' s deep, sir, and I can't see down."
    " You are right," said I, "and that has sometimes made me anxious."
    " And me too, Mas'r Davy," he rejoined. " Even more so, I do assure
you, than his ventersome ways, though both belongs to the alteration in
him. I doen't know as he 'd do violence under any circumstarnces, but I
hope as them two may be kep asunders."
    we had come, through Temple Bar, into the city. Conversing no more
now, and walking at my side, he yielded himself up to the one aim
of his devoted life, and went on, with that hushed concentration of his
faculties which would have made his figure solitary in a multitude. We
were not far from Blaclcfriars Bridge, when he turned his head and pointed
to a solitary female figure flitting along the opposite side of the street.
I knew it, readily, to be the figure that we sought.
    We crossed the road, and were pressing on towards her, when it occurred
to me that she might be more disposed to feel a woman's interest in the
lost girl, if we spoke to her in a quieter place, aloof from the crowd, and
where we should be less observed. I advised my companion, therefore,
that we should not address her yet, but follow her ; consulting in this,
likewise, an indistinct desire I had, to know where she went.
    He acquiescing, we followed at a distance : never losing sight of her,
but never caring to come very near, as she frequently loolced about.
Once, she stopped to listen to a band of music; and then we stopped too.
    She went on a long way. Still we went on. It was evident, from the
manner in which she held her course, that she was going to some fixed
destination ; and this, and her keeping in the busy streets, and, I suppose
the strange fascination in the secresy and mystery of so following any one,
made me adhere to my first purpose. At length she turned into a dull,
dark street, where the noise and crowd were lost; and I said, "We may
spealr to her now ;"and, mending our pace, we went after her.
