               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE




                            CHAPTER XVII.
                           SOMEBODY TURNS UP.

   IThas not occurred to me to mention Peggotty since I ran away; but,
of course, I wrote her a letter almost as soon as I was housed at Dover,
and another, and a longer letter, containing all particulars fully related,
when my aunt took me formally under her protection. On my being
settled at Doctor Strong's I wrote to her again, detailing my happy con-
dition and prospects. I never could have derived anything like the
pleasure from spending the money Mr. Dick had given me, that I felt
in sending a gold half-guinea to Peggotty, per post, inclosed in this last
letter, to discharge the sum I had borrowed of her : in which epistle, not
before, I mentioned about the young man with the donkey-cart.
   To these communications Peggotty replied as promptly, if not as con-
cisely, as a merchant's clerk. Her utmost powers of expression (which
were certainly not great in ink) were exhausted in the attempt to write
what she felt on the subject of my journey. Four sides of incoherent and
interjectional begrnnings of sentences, that had no end, except blots, were
inadequate to afford her any relief. But the blots were more expressive
to me than the best composition; for they showed me that Peggotty had
been crying all over the paper, and what could I have desired more?
   I made out, without much difficulty, that she could not take quite
kindly to my aunt yet. The notice was too short after so long a prepos-
session the other way. We never knew a person, she wrote; but to
think that Miss Betsey should seem to be so different from what she had
been thought to be, was a Moral !-that was her word. She was evidently
still afraid of Miss Betsey, for she sent her grateful duty to her but timidly;
and she was evidently afraid of me, too, and entertained the probability of
my running away again soon : if I might judge from the repeated hints she
threw out, that the coach-fare to Yarmouth was always to be had of her
for the asking.
   She gave me one piece of intelligence which affected me very much,
namely, that there had been a sale of the furniture at our old home, and
that Mr. and Miss Murdstone were gone away, and the house was shut
up, to be let or sold. God knows I had had no part in it while they
remained there, but it pained me to think of the dear old place as
altogether abandoned ; of the weeds growing tall in the garden, and the
fallen leaves lying thick and wet upon the paths. I imagined how the
winds of winter would howl round it, how the cold rain would beat upon
the window-glass, how the moon would make ghosts on the walls of the
empty rooms, watching their solitude all night. I thought afresh of the
grave in the churchyard, underneath the tree: and it seemed as if the
house were dead too, now, and all connected with my father and mother
were faded away.
   There was no other news in Peggotty's letters. Mr. Barkis was an
excellent husband, she said, though still a little near; but we all had our
