                         OF DAVID COPPEREI.ELD.                          553
I added the suggestion, that I should give some explanation of his
character and history to Mr. Peggotty, who I knew could be relied on;
and that to Mr. Peggotty should be quietly entrusted the discretion of ad-
vancing another hundred. I further proposed to interest Mr. Micawber in
Mr. Peggotty, by confiding so much of Mr. Peggotty's story to him as I
might feel justified in relating, or might think expedient ; and to endeavour
to bring each of them to bear upon the other, for the common advantage.
We all entered warmly into these views ; and I may mention at once, that
the principals themselves did so, shortly afterwards, with perfect good will
and harmony.
   Seeing that Traddles now glanced anxiously at my aunt again, I
reminded him of the second and last point to which he had adverted.
   "You and your aunt will excuse me, Copperfield, if I touch upon a
painful theme, as I greatly fear I shall," said Traddles, hesitating; "but
I think it necessary to bring it to your recollection. On the day of Mr.
Micawber's memorable denunciation, a threatening allusion was made by
Uriah Heep to your aunt's-husband."
   My aunt, retaining her stiff position, and apparent composure, assented
with a nod.
    " Perhaps," observed Traddles, "it was mere purposeless impertinence?"

    " No," returned my aunt.

    "There was-pardon         me-really such a person, and at all in his
power ? " hinted Traddles.
   " Yes, my good friend," said my aunt.
   Traddles, with a perceptible lengthening of his face, explained that he
had not been able to approach this subject ; that it had shared the fate of
Mr. &Iicawber7sliabilities, in not being comprehended in the terms he had
made ; that we were no longer of any authority with Uriah Heep ; and
that if he could do us, or any of us, any injury or annoyance, no doubt
he would.
   My aunt remained quiet; until again some stray tears found their way
to her cheeks.
   "You are quite right," she said. " I t was very thoughtful to
mention it."
   " Can I-or     Copperfield-do anything ? " asked Traddles, gently.
   "Nothing," said my aunt. " I thank you many times. Trot, my
dear, a vain threat ! Let us have Mr. and Mrs. Micawber back. And
don't any of you speak to me ! " With that, she smoothed her dress, and
sat, with her upright carriage, looking at the door.
   "Well, Mr. and Mrs. Micawber ! " said my aunt, when they entered.
"We have been discussing your emigration, with many apologies to you
for keeping you out of the room so long; and I'll tell you what arrange-
ments we propose."
   These she explained, to the unbounded satisfaction of the family,-
children and all being then present,-and        so much to the awakening of
Mr. Micawber's punctual habits in the opening stage of all bill trans-
 actions, that he could not be dissuaded from immediately rushing out, in
 the highest spirits, to buy the stamps for his notes of hand. But, his joy
received a sudden check ; for within five minutes, he returned in the custody
of a sheriff 'S officer, informing us, in a flood of tears, that all was lost.
