546           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Mrs. Micawber's heart, which had not been dunned out of it in all those
many years.
    " Well, Mr. and Mrs. Micawber," was my aunt's first salutation after

we were seated. "Pray, have you thought about that emigration proposal
of mine ? "
    "My dear madam," returned Mr. Micawber, " perhaps I cannot better
express the conclusion at which Mrs. Micawber, your humble servant, and
I may add our children, have jointly and severally arrived, than by bor-
rowing the language of an illustrious poet, to reply that our Boat is on
the shore, and our Bark is on the sea."
    " That 'S right,"  said my aunt. " I augur all sorts of good from your
sensible decision."
    " Madam, you do us a great deal of honor," he rejoined. He then
referred to a memorandum. " With respect to the pecuniary assistance
enabling us to lannch our frail canoe on the ocean of enterprise, I have
reconsidered that important business-point ; and would beg to propose my
notes of hand-drawn, it is needless to stipulate, on stamps of the amounts
respectively required by the various Acts of Parliament applying to such
securities-at eighteen, twenty-four, and thirty months. The proposi-
tion I originally submitted, was twelve, eighteen, and twenty-four ; but
I am apprehensive that such an arrangement might not allow sufficient
time for the requisite amount of-Something-to           turn up. We might
not," said Mr. Micawber, looking round the room as if it represented
several hundred acres of highly-cultivated land, " on the first responsibility
becoming due, have been successful in our harvest, or we might not have
 got our harvest in. Labor, I believe, is sometimes difficult to obtain in
 that portion of our colonial possessions where it will be our lot to combat
 with the teeming soil."
    "Arrange it in any way you please, sir," said my aunt.
    " Madam," he replied, " Mrs. Micawber and myself are deeply sensible
 of the very considerate kindness of our friends and patrons. What I wish
is, to be perfectly business-like, and perfectly punctnal. Turning over, as
we are about to turn over, an entirely new leaf; and falling back, as we are
now in the act of falling back, for a Spring of no common magnitude ; it
is important to my sense of self-respect, besides being an example to my
son, that these arrangements should be concluded as between man and
man."
    I don't know that Mr. Micawber attached any meaning to this last
phrase; I don't know that anybody ever does, or did; but he appeared to
relish it uncommonly, and repeated, with an impressive cough, " as between
man and man."
    " I propose," said Mr. Micawber, " Bills-a convenience to the mer-
cantile world, for which, I believe, we are originally indebted to the
Jews, who appear to me to have had a de&gt;ilish deal too much to do with
them ever since-because they are negotiable. But if a Bond, or any
 other description of security, would be preferred, I should be happy to
 execute any such instrument. As between man and man."
    My aunt observed, that in a case where both parties were willing to
 agree to anything, she took it for granted there would be no difficulty
 in settling this point. hlr, Nicawber was of her opinion.
