                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           263
   " Traddles," returned Mr. Waterbrook, "is a young manreading for the
bar.   Yes. He is quite a good fellow-nobody's      enemy but his own."
   " I s he his own enemy ? " said I, sorry to hear this.
     " Well," returned Mr. Waterbrook, pursing up his mouth, and playing

 with his watch-chain, in a comfortable, prosperous sort of way. " I
 should say he was one of those men who stand in their own light. Yes,
 I should say he would never, for example, be worth five hundred pound.
 Traddles was recommended to me, by a professional friend. Oh yes.
 Yes. He has a kind of talent, for drawing briefs, and stating a case in
 writing, plainly. I am able to throw something in Traddles's way, in the
 course of the year ; something-for him-considerable.          Oh yes. Yes."
    I was much impressed by the extremely comfortable and satisfied
 manner, in which Mr. Waterbrook delivered himself of this little word
 " Yes," every now and then. There was wonderful expression in it. It
 completely conveyed the idea of a man who had been born, not to say
 with a silver spoon, but with a scaling-ladder, and had gone on mounting
 all the heights of life one after another, until now he looked, from the top
 of the fortifications, with the eye of a philosopher and a patron, on the
 people down in the trenches.
    My reflections on this theme were still in progress when dinner was
announced. Mr. Waterbrook went down with Hamlet's aunt. Mr. Henry
 Spiker took Mrs. Waterbrook. Agnes, whom I should have liked to take
myself, was given to a simpering fellow with weak legs. Uriah,
 Traddles, and I, as the junior part of the company, went down last, how
 we could. I was not so vexed at losing Agnes as I might have been
 since it gave me an opportunity of making myself known to Traddles on
the stairs, who greeted me with great fervor : while Uriah writhed with
such obtrusive satisfaction and self-abasement, that I could gladly have
pitched him over the bannisters.
    Traddles and I were separated at table, being billeted in two remote
corners : he in the glare of a red velvet lady; I, in the gloom of Hamlet's
aunt. The dinner was very long, and the conversation was about the
Aristocracy-and Blood. Mrs. Waterbrook repeatedly told us, that if she
had a weakness, it was Blood.
   I t occurred to me several times that we should have got on better, if we
had not been quite so genteel. We were so exceedingly genteel, that our
scope was very limited. A Mr. and Mrs. Gulpidge were of the party, who
had something to do at second-hand (at least, Mr. Gulpidge had) with
the law business of the Bank ; and what with the Bank, and what with the
Treasury, we were as exclusive as the Court Circular. To mend the matter,
Hamlet's aunt had the family failing of indulging in soliloquy, and held
forth in a desultory manner, by herself, on every topic that was introduced.
These were few enough, to be sure; but as we always fell back upon
Blood, she had as wide a field for abstract speculation as her nephew himself.
   We might have been a party of Ogres, the conversation assumed such a
sanguine complexion.
    " I confess I am of Mrs. Waterbrook's opinion," said Mr. Waterbrook,

with his wine-glass at his eye. " Other things are all very well in their
way, but give me Blood ! "
    " Oh ! There is nothing," observed Hamlet's aunt, " so satisfactory to
one ! There is nothing that is so much one's deau-ideal of-of all that sort
