                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                   5
 --
                                    Now ready, in avo, cloth lettered, price 10s.
LONDON CATALOGUE OF BOOKS-SUPPLEMENT, 1846-49, containing
      all the New Works published during that period, with their sizes, prices, and publishers' names ; also
the New Editions. altered in price WITH A CLASSIFIED INDEX TO THE NEW WORKS.
  T. Honcsox, 13, Paternoster Row, and sold by all Booksellers. Of whom also may be had, t h e LONDON
CATALOGUE of BOOKS,wlth the Supplement, complete from 1814 to 1849, i n One large Volume, 8vo.



      THE LAST OF THE BARONS.
                    SIR EDWARD BULWER LYTTON, BART.,
  Is now i n eaurse of Pzcblicatiolt,C Weekly .Wumbers,p&ce l$d.,and in MonthZy Parts,price 7d.,
                                                       IN TEE

                                    NEW POPULAR EDITION
                                                         OF

 S I R EDWARD BULWER LYTTON'S WORKS.
                                                 ___C_

                           TALES ALREADY COMPLETED I N THIS EDITION,
           WITHA    WONTISPIECE
                              AND NEW PREFACE,handsomely bound i n cloth, gilt back :-

                                          . . . . price 3%6d.
                EUGENE ARAM (Just published)
                PELHAM          .   . . .       . price 3s. 6d.
                                     . .        . price 3s. 6d.
                                       a

                PAUL CLIFFORD.
                RIENZI          . . . . . . . . . price 3s, 6d.
                           LONDON : CHAPMAN & HALL, 186, STRAND.
        SOLD BY ALL BOOKSELLERS AND NEWSMEN, AND AT THE RAILWAY STATIONS.

                                    Just Published, i n One vol., Svo, 6s. 6d.,

     H O M E O P A T H Y I N A C U T E DISEASES,
                                       WITH NUMEROUS CASES.
                   BY STEPHEN YELDHAM, M.R.C.S., &c.
  "Mr.Yeldham9s book is incomparably the boldest challenge which has ever been conveyed by the press of
this country to the impugners of Homceopathy."-Sunday Times.


          -~~  H. BAILLIERE, 219, Regent-street, and AYLQTT & JONES. 8, Paternoster-row.
                     ,



                                    Just delivered to the Trade, price l4s.,
            OLD LONDON                                                BRIDGE.
                                 an %i#tmicar Barnanre.
                          BY GEORGE HERBERT RODWELL, ESQ.,
Illustrated with Twenty-four Steel Engravings by A s a ~ s r and
                                                             ,   an elaborate Frontispiece of the Bridge, built
by the Priest Architect, Peter of Colechnrch, the first which ever crossed the River Themes, and which
withstood the raging of nearly a million of floods during the lapse of six entire centuries.
                 THE WORK IS HANDSOMELY BOUND I N THE ANTIQUE STYLE.
  "The graceful musical compo'ier-the facetious biographer of the 'Umbrella,' has adventured upon a novel
theme, even for a novelist: he has invested therecollections of an old bridge with the interest and fascination
of romance But that bridge 1s one of historical celebrity-the first stone bridge ever built on the Thames-
the master-piece of the priest arch~tect,Peter of Colechurch-the structure h u ~ l tIn thirty years, dating from
1176-'Old London Bridge.' Now that the narrative IS completed, we may commend it as a companion story
w ~ t hthe ' Windsor Castle,' the 'Old St. Paul's,' and the 'Tower of London,' by Harrison Ainsworth; and
while we may speak thus eulog~st~caily   of Mr. Rodwell, we may say that, in several of the engravings before
us, the illustrator, Mr. Ashley, may fear no comparison, even with such eminent and practical designers as
'Phiz ' a n d Cruikshank."--Sun.

                            J. & D.A. DARLING, P%6, BISHOPSGATE STREET;
                         SIMPKIN, MARSHALL, & CO., STATIONERS' HALL COURT.
