                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          115
made aware by a scream from his wife) of making motions at himself with
a razor; but within half an hour afterwards, he would polish up his shoes
with extraordinary pains, and go out, humming a tune with a greater air
of gentility than ever. Mrs. Micawber was quite as elastic. I have known
her to be thrown into fainting fits by the king's taxes at three o'clock, and
to eat lamb-chops, breaded, and drink warm ale (paid for with two tea-
spoons that had gone to the pawnbroker's) at four. On one occasion,
when an execution had just been put in, coming home through some
chance as early as six o'clock, I saw her lying (of course with a twin)
under the grate in a swoon, with her hair all torn about her face; but
I never knew her more cheerful than she was, that very same night, over
a veal-cutlet before the kitchen fire, telling me stories about her papa and
mama, and the company they used to keep.
   I n this house, and with this family, I passed my leisure time. My own
exclusive breakfast of a penny loaf and a pennyworth of milk, I provided
myself. I kept another small loaf, and a modicum of cheese, on a particu-
lar shelf of a particular cupboard, to make my supper on when I came back
at night. This made a hole in the six or seven shillings, I know well ; and
I was out at the warehouse all day, and had to support myself on that
money all the week. From Monday morning until Saturday night, I had
no advice, no counsel, no encouragement, no consolation, no assistance, no
support, of any kind, from any one, that I can call to mind, as I hope to
go to heaven !
   I was so young and childish, and so little qualified-how could I be
otherwise?-to undertake the whole charge of my own existence, that
often, in going to Murdstone and Grinby's, of a morning, I could not resist
the stale pastry put out for sale at half-price at the pastrycook's doors,
and spent in that, the money I should have kept for my dinner. Then,
I went without my dinner, or bought a roll or a slice of pudding. I
remember two pudding-shops, between which I was divided, according
to my finances. One was in a court close to St. Martin's Church-at the
back of the church,-which is now removed altogether. The pudding at
that shop was made of currants, and was rather a special pudding, but
was dear, twopennyworth not being larger than a pennyworth of more
ordinary pudding. A good shop for the latter was in the Strand-some-
where in that part which has been rebuilt since. I t was a stout pale
pudding, heavy and flabby, and with great flat raisins in it, stuck in whole
at wide distances apart. I t came up hot at about my time every day, and
many a day did I dine off it. When I dined regularly and handsomely, I had
a saveloy and a penny-loaf, or a fourpenny plate of red beef from a cook's
shop ;or a plate of bread and cheese and a glass of beer, from a miserable
old public-house opposite our place of business, called the Lion, or the
Lion and something else that I have forgotten. Once, I remember
carrying my own bread (which I had brought from home in the morning)
under my arm, wrapped in a piece of paper, like a book, and going to a
famous alamode beef-house near Drury Lane, and ordering a "small plate"
of that delicacy to eat with it. What the waiter thought of such a
strange little apparition coming in all alone, I don't know; but I can see
him now, staring at me as I ate my dinner, and bringing up the other
waiter to look. I gave him a halfpenny for himself, and I wish he hadn't
taken it.
                                      I2
