                        OF DAVID COPPERPIELD.

  " I think Agnes is going to be married."
  " God bless her ! " said I, cheerfully.

  " God bless her ! " s a d my aunt, " and her husband too ! "
  I echoed it, parted from my aunt, went lightly down stairs, mounted,
and rode away. There was greater reason than before to do what I had
resolved to do.
   How well I recollect the wintry ride! The frozen particles of ice,
brushed from the blades of grass by the wind, and borne across my face ;
the hard clatter of the horse's hoofs, beating a tune upon Lhe ground;
the stiff-tilled soil ; the snow-drift, l~ghtlyeddying in the chalk-pit as the
breeze ruffled i t ; the smoking team wlth the waggon of old hay, stopping
to breathe on the hlll-top, and shaking their bells musically; the whitened
slopes and sweeps of Down-land lying against the dark sky, as if they
wcre drawn on a huge slate !
   I found Agnes alone. The little girls had gone to their own homes
now, and she was alone by the fire, readmg. She put down her book on
seeing me come in; and having welcomed me as usual, took her work-
basket and sat in one of the old-fashioned windows.
   I sat beside her on the window-seat, and we talked of what I was doing,
and when it would be done, and of the progress I had made since my last
visit. Agnes was very cheerful ; and laughingly pred~ctedthat I should
soon become too famous to be talked to, on such subjects.
   " So I make the most of the present time, you see," said Agnes, "and

talk to you whlle I may."
   As I looked at her beautiful face, observant of her work, she raised lier
mild clear eyes, and saw that I was looking at her.
   " You are thoughtful to-day, Trotwood ! "

   "Agnes, shall 1 tell you what about? I came to tell you."
   She put aside her work, as she was used to do when we were seriously
discuss~nganyth~ng;and gave me her whole attention.
   "My dear Agnes, do you doubt my being true to you?"
   " No ! " she answered, with a look of astonishment.
   "Do you doubt my being what I always have been to you? "
   " No ! " she answered, as before.
   "Do you remember that I tried to tell you, when I came home, what a
debt of gratitude I owed you, dearest Agnes, and how fervently I felt
towards you ? "
   " I remember it," she said, gently, " very well."
   " You have a secret," said I.       " Let me share it, Agnes."
   She cast down her eyes, and trembled.
   " I could hardly fail to know, even if I had not heard-bot from other
lips than yours, Agnes, which seems strange-that there is some one upon
whom you have bestowed the treasure of your love. Do not shut me out
of what concerns your happiness so nearly ! If you can trust me, as you
say you can, and as I know you may, let me be your friend, your brother,
in this matter, of all others ! "
   With an appealing, almost a reproachful, glance, she rose from the
window ; and hurrying across the room as if without knowing where, put her
hands before her face, and burst into such tears as smote me to the heart.
   And yet they awakened something in me, bringing promise to my heart.
                                                             R R 2
