               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AiiD EXPERIENCE

record it, but I really believe I forgot Dora for a little while. I am satisfied
that Mr. and Mrs. Micawber could not have enjoyed the feast more if
they had sold a bed to provide it. Traddles laughed as heartily, almost the
whole time, as he ate and worked. Indeed we all did, all at once ; and I
dare say there never was a greater success.
    We were at the height of our enjoyment, and were all busily engaged,
in our several departments, endeavouring to bring the last batch of slices
to a state of perfection that should crown the feast, when I was aware of
a strange presence in the room, and my eyes encountered those of the staid
Littimer, standing hat in hand before me.
    " What 's the matter ! " I involuntarily asked.

       I beg your pardon, sir, I was directed to come in. I s my master not
here, sir ? "
    " No."

    r' Have you not seen him, sir? "
    " No ; don't you come from him ? "
    "Not immediately so, sir."
    &lt;'Did he tell you you would find him here ? "
    " Not exactly so, sir.   But I should think he might be here to-morrow,
 as he has not been here to-day."
    " I s he coming up from Oxford? "

    " I beg, sir," he returned respectfully, 'cthat you will be seated, and
 allow me to do this." With which he took the fork from my unresisting
                             -
 hand, and bent over the gridiron,     as if his whole attention were concen-
 trated on it.
    We should not have been much discomposed, I dare say, by the appear-
 ance of Steerforth himself, but we became in a moment the meekest of
 the meek before his respectable serving-man. Mr. Micawber, humming
 a tune, to show that he was quite at ease, subsided into his chair, with the
 handle of a hastily-concealed fork sticking out of the bosom of his coat, as
 if he had stabbed himself. Mrs. Micawber put on her brown gloves, and
 assumed a genteel languor. Traddles ran his greasy hands through his
 hair, and stood it bolt upright, and stared in confusion at the table-cloth.
 As for me, I was a mere infant at the head of my own table ; and hardly
 ventured to dance at the resoectable ohenomenon. who had come from
              0
 Heaven knows where, to put my establishment to rights.
     Meanwhile he took the mutton off the gridiron, and gravely handed it
 round. We all took some, but our appreciation of it was gone, and we
 merely made a show of eating it. As we severally pushed away our plates,
 he noiselessly removed them, and set on the cheese. He took that off,
 too, when it was done with ; cleared the table ; piled everything on the
 dumb-waiter ; gave us our wine-glasses ; and, of his own accord, wheeled
 the dumb-waiter into the pantry. All this was done in a perfect manner,
  and he never raised his eyes from what he was about. Yet, his very
  elbows, when he had his back towards me, seemed to teem with the
  expression of his fixed opinion that I was extremely young.
      " Can I do anything more, sir ? "
     I thanked him and said, No ; but would he take no dinner himself?
      "None, I am obliged to you, sir."
        Is Mr. Steerforth coming from Oxford ? "
