212             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     I t was occasioned, I suppose, by the reverend nature of respectability
in the abstract, but I felt particularly young in this man's presence. How
old he was himself I could not guess-and that again went to his credit
on the same score; for in the calmness of respectability he might have
numbered fifty years as well as thirty.
     Littimer was in my room in the morning before I was up, to bring me
that reproachful shaving-water, and to put out my clothes. When I
undrew the curtains and looked out of bed, I saw him, in an equable
temperature of respectability, unaffected by the east wind of January, and
not even breathing frostily, standing my boots right and left in the first
dancing position, and blowing specks of dust off my coat as he laid i t down
like a baby.
     I gave him good morning, and asked him what o'clock it was. H e
took out of his pocket thc most respectable hunting-watch I ever saw, and
preventing the spring with his thumb from opening far, looked in at the
face as if he were consulting an oracular oyster, shut it up again, and said,
 if I pleased, it was halfpast eight.
      "Mr. Steerforth will be glad to hear how you have rested, sir."
      "Thank you," said I , "very well indeed. I s Mr. Steerforth quite well?"
      "Thank you, sir, Mr. Steerforth is tolerably well." Another of his
  characteristics,-no use of superlatives. A cool calm medium always.
      " I s there anything more I can have the honor of doing for you, sir?
  The warning-bell will ring at nine; the family take breakfast at halfpast
  nine."
       " Nothing, I thank you."
       '' I thank you, sir, if you please ;" and with that, and with a little inclina-
  tion of his head when he passed the bedside, as an apology for correcting
  me, he went out, shutting the door as delicately as if I had just fallen into
  a sweet sleep on which my life depended.
       Every morning we held exactly this conversation : never any more, and
  never any less : and yet, invariably, however far I might have been lifted
  out of myself over-night, and advanced towards maturer years, by Steer-
  forth's companionship, or Mrs. Steerforth's confidence, or Miss Dartle's
   conversation, in the presence of this most respectable man I became, as our
  smaller poets sing, " a boy again."
       H e got horses for u s ; and Steerforth, who knew every thing, gave me
  lessons in riding. H e provided foils for us, and Steerforth gave me
   lessons in fencing-gloves, and I began, of the same master, to improve
   in boxing. I t gave me no manner of concern that Steerforth should find
   me a novice in these sciences, but I never could bear to show my want of
   skill before the respectable Littimer. I had no reason to believe that
   Littimer understood such arts himself; he never led me to suppose any-
   thing of the kind, by so much as the vibration of one of his respectable
   eyelashes ; yet whenever he was by, while we were practising, I felt myself
   the greenest and most inexperienced of mortals.
        I am particular about this man, because he made a particular effect on
    me at that time, and because of what took place thereafter.
        The week passed away in a most delightful manner. I t passed rapidly,
    as may be supposed, to one entranced as I was; and yet it gave me so
    many occasions for knowing Steerforth better, and admiring him more in
    a thousand respects, that at its close I seemed to have been with him for
