                THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

limbs only made my breath shorter when I used 'em. And now, if I
want to go out into the street or down to the sands, I've only got to call
Dick, Joram's youngest 'prentice, and away I go in my own carriage, like
the Lord Mayor of London."
   He half suffocated himself with laughing here.
   " Lord bless yon ! " said Mr. Omer, resuming his pipe, " a man must
take the fat with the lean ; that 'S what he must make up his mind to, in
this life. Joram does a fine business. Ex-cellent business ! "
   " I am very glad to hear it," said I.
    " I knew you would be," said Mr. Omer. "And Joram and Minnie are
like Valentines. What more can a man expect? What 'S his limbs to
that !"
   His supreme contempt for his own limbs, as he sat smoking, was one
of the pleasantest oddities I have ever encountered.
   "And since I 've took to general reading, you 've took to general writ-
ing, eh, sir?" said Mr. Omer, surveying me admiringly. "What a lovely
work that was of yours ! What expressions in it ! I read it every word
-every word. And as to feeling sleepy ! Not at all ! "
   I laughingly expressed my satisfaction, but I must confess that I thought
this association of ideas significant.
   " I give you my word and honor, sir," said Mr. Omer, " that when I

lay that book upon the table, and look at it outside; compact in three
separate and indiwidual wollumes-one, two, three ; I am as proud as
Punch to think that I once had the honor of being connected with your
family. And dear me, it's a long time ago, now, an't i t ? Over at Blun-
derstone. With a pretty little party laid along with the other party. And
you quite a small party then, yourself. Dear, dear ! "
   I changed the subject by referring to Emily. After assuring him that
I did not forget how interested he had always been in her, and how
kindly he had always treated her, I gave him a general account of her
restoration to her uncle by the aid of Martha ; which I knew would please
the old man. He listened with the utmost attention, and said, feelingly,
when I had done :
   " I am rejoiced at it, sir !   I t 'S the best news I have heard for many
a day. Dear, dear, dear ! And what 'S going to be undertook for that
unfortunate young woman, Martha, now ? "
   " You touch a point that my thoughts have been dwelling on since
yesterday," said I, "but on which I can give you no information yet,
Mr. Omer. Mr. Peggotty has not alluded to it, and I have a delicacy in
doing so. I am sure he has not forgotten it. He forgets nothing that is
disinterested and good."
   " Because you know," said Mr. Omer, taking himself upJ where he had
left off, " whatever is done, I should wish to be a member of. P u t me down
for anything you may consider right, and let me know. I never could
think the girl all bad, and I am glad to find she's not. So will my
daughter Minnie be. Young women are contradictory creatures in some
things-her mother was just the same as her-but            their hearts are soft
and kind. I t 'S all show with Minnie, about Martha. Why she should
consider it necessary to make any show, I don't undertake to tell you.
But it 'S all show, bless you. She'd do her any kindness in private. So,
put me down for whatever you may consider right, will you be so good?
