                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           265
a confidence, naturally desired to favor his friend with a confidence of his
own; therefore the foregoing dialogue was succeeded by another, in
which it was Mr. Gulpidge's turn to be surprised, and that by another in
which the surprise came round to Mr. Spiker's turn again, and so on,
turn and turn about. All this time we, the outsiders, remained oppressed
by the tremendous interests involved in the conversation ; and our host
regarded us with pride, as the victims of a salutary awe and astonishment.
   I was very glad indeed to get up-stairs to Agnes, and to talk with her
in a corner, and to introduce Traddles to her, who was shy, but agreeable,
and the same good-natured creature still. As he was obliged to leave
early, on account of going away next morning for a month, I had not
nearly so much conversation with him as I could have wished; but we
exchanged addresses, and promised ourselves the pleasure of another
meeting when he should come back to town. He was greatly interested
to hear that I knew Steerforth, and spoke of him with such warmth that
I made him tell Agnes what he thought of him. But Agnes only looked
at me the while, and very slightly shook her head when only I observed her.
   -4s she was not among people with whom I believed she could be very
much at home, I was almost glad to hear that she was going away within
a few days, though I was sorry at the prospect of parting from her again
so soon. This caused me to remain until all the company were gone.
Conversing with her, and hearing her sing, was such a delightful reminder
to me of my happy life in the grave old house she had made so beautiful,
that I could have remained there half the night ; but, having no excuse
for staying any longer, when the lights of Mr. Waterbrook's society were
all snuffed out, I took my leave very much against my inclination. I felt
then, more than ever, that she was my better Angel; and if I thought of
her sweet face and placid smile, as though they had shone on me from
some removed being, like an Angel, I hope I thought no harm.
   I have said that the company were all gone; but I ought to have ex-
cepted Uriah, whom I don't include in that denomination, and who had
never ceased to hover near us. He was close behind me when I went
down-stairs. H e was close beside me, when I walked away from the
house, slowly fitting his long skeleton fingers into the still longer fingers
of a great Guy Pawkes pair of gloves.
   I t was in no disposition for Uriah's company, but in remembrance of
the entreaty Agnes had made to me, that I asked him if he would come
home to my rooms, and have some coffee.
    '' Oh, really, Master Copperfield," he rejoined,-" I beg your pardon,
Mister Copperfield, but the other comes so natural,-I        don't like that
you should put a constraint upon yourself to ask a numble person like
me to your ouse."
    "There is no constraint in the case," said I. "Will you come? "
    "I should like to, very much," replied Uriah, with a writhe.
    "Well, then, come along ! " said I.
    I could not help being rather short with him, but he appeared not to
 mind it. We went the nearest way, without conversing much upon the
road; and he was so humble in respect of those scarecrow gloves, that
he was still putting them on, and seemed to have made no advance in that
labour, when we got to my place.
    I led him up the dark stairs, to prevent his knocking his head against
