                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           191
silk neck-kerchief continually. I have no relief but in putting on my best
clothes, and having my boots cleaned over and over again. I seem, then,
to be worthier of the eldest Miss Larkins. Everything that belongs to her,
or is connected with her, is precious to me. Mr. Larkins (a gruff old
gentleman with a double chin, and one of his eyes immoveable in his head)
is fraught with interest to me. When I can't meet his daughter, I go
where I am likely to meet him. To say " How do you do, Mr. Larkins?
Are the young ladies and all the family quite well? " seems so pointed,
that I blush.
    I think continually about my age. Say I am seventeen, and say that
seventeen is young for the eldest Miss Larkins, what of that? Besides,
I shall be one and-twenty in no time almost. I regularly take walks
outside Mr. Larkins's house in the evening, though it cuts me to the
heart to see the officers go in, or to hear them up in the drawing-room, where
the eldest Miss Larkins plays the harp. I even walk, on two or three
occasions, in a sickly, spoony manner, round and round the house after the
family are gone to bed, wondering which is the eldest Miss Larkins's chamber
(and pitching, I dare say now, on Mr. Larkins's instead) ; wishing that a
fire would burst out ;that the assembled crowd would stand appalled ;that
I, dashing through them with a ladder, might rear it against her window,
 save her in my arms, go back for something she had left behind, and
perish in the flames. For I am generally disinterested in my love, and
think I could be content to make a figure before Miss Larkins, and expire.
    -Generally, but not always. Sometimes brighter visions rise before
me. When I dress (the occupation of two hours), for a great ball given at
the Larkins's (the anticipation of three weeks), I indulge my fancy with
pleasing images. I picture myself taking courage to make a declaration
to Miss Larkins. I picture Miss Larkins sinking her head upon my
shoulder, and saying, " Oh, Mr. Copperfield, can I believe my ears ! " I
picture Mr. Larkins waiting on me next morning, and saying, " My dear
Copperfield, my daughter has told me all. Youth is no objection. Here
are twenty thousand pounds. Be happy ! " I picture my aunt relenting,
and blessing us ; and Mr. Dick and Doctor Strong being present at the
marriage ceremony. I am a sensible fellow, I believe-I believe, on looking
back, I mean-and modest I am sure ; but all this goes on notwithstanding.
   I repair to the enchanted house, where there are lights, chattering,
music, flowers, officers ( I am sorry to see), and the eldest Miss Larkins,
a blaze of beauty. She is dressed in blue, with blue flowers in her hair-
forget-me-nots-as if she had any need to wear forget-me-nots ! I t is the
first really grown-up party that I have ever been invited to, and I am a
little uncomfortable ; for I appear not to belong to anybody, and nobody
appears to have anything to say to me, except Mr. Larkins, who asks me
how my schoolfellows are, which he needn't do, as I have not come there
to be insulted. But after I have stood in the doorway for some time, and
feasted my eyes upon the goddess of my heart, she approaches me-she,
the eldest Miss Larkins!-and asks me, pleasantly, if I dance.
   I stammer, with a bow, "With YOU, Miss Larkins."
    "With no one else ? " enquires Miss Larkins.
    "I should have no pleasure in dancing with any one else."
   Miss Larkins laughs and blushes (or I think she blushes), and says,
"Next time but one, I shall be very glad."
