                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   '[Well, well !" said Miss Betsey.
   -&lt;&lt;     I kept my housekeeping-book regularly, and balanced it with Mr.
  Copperfield every night," cried my mother in another burst of distress,
  and breaking down again.
     " Well, well !" said Miss Betsey. " Don't cry any more."
     -a    And I am sure we never had a word of difference respecting it,
  except when Mr. Copperfield objected to my threes and fives being too
  muchlike each other, or to my putting curly tails to my sevens and nines,"
  resumed my mother in another burst, and breaking down again.
     " You'll make yourself ill," said Miss Betsey, "and you know that will
  not be good either for you or for my god-daughter. Come ! You mustn't
  do it ! "
     This argument had some share in quieting my mother, though her
 increasing indisposition perhaps had a larger one. There was an interval
  of silence, only broken by Miss Betsey's occasionally ejaculating " H a ! "
 as she sat with her feet upon the fender.
     " David had bought an annuity for himself with his money, I know,"

  said she, by and by. " What did he do for you? "
     " Mr. Copperfield," said my mother, answering with some difficulty,
  "was so considerate and good as to secure the reversion of a part of it
 to me."
     " How much? " asked Miss Betsey.
     "A hundred and five pounds a year," said my mother.
     " H e might have done worse," said my aunt.
    The word was appropriate to the moment. My mother was so much
 worse that Peggotty, coming in with the teaboard and candles, and seeing
 at a glance how ill she was,-as Miss Betsey might have done sooner if
 there had been light enough,-conveyed her up-stairs to her own room
 with all speed ; and immediately dispatched Ham Peggotty, her nephew,
 who had been for some days past secreted in the house, unknown to my
 mother, as a special messenger in case of emergency, to fetch the nurse
 and doctor.
    Those allied powers were considerably astonished, when they arrived
within a few minutes of each other, to find an unknown lady of portentous
 appearance, sitting before the fire, with her bonnet tied over her left arm,
 stopping her ears with jewellers' cotton. Peggotty knowing nothing
 about her, and my mother saying nothing about her, she was quite a
mystery in the parlor ; and the fact of her having a magazine of jewellers'
 cotton in her pocket, and sticking the article in her ears in that way, did
not detract from the solemnity of her presence.
    The doctor having been up-stairs and come down again, and having
 satisfied himself, I suppose, that there was a probability of this unknown
lady and himself having to sit there, face to face, for some hours, laid
himself out to be polite and social. He was the meekest of his sex, the
mildest of little men. He sidled in and out of a room, to take up the
less space. H e walked as softly as the Ghost in Hamlet, and more
slowly. H e carried his head on one side, partly in modest depreciation
of himself, partly in modest propitiation of everybody else. It is nothing
to say that he hadn't a word to throw at a dog. He couldn't have
