                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                           CHAPTER XXVIII.

    UNTILthe day arrived on which I was to entertain my newly-found old
 friends, I lived principally on Dora and coffee. I n my love-lorn condition,
 my appetite languished ; and I was glad of it, for I felt as though it would
 have been an act of perfidy towards Dora to have a natural relish for my
 dinner. The quantity of walking exercise I took, was not in this respect
 attended with its usual consequence, as the disappointment counteracted the
 fresh air. I have my doubts, too, founded on the acute experience acquired
a t this period of my life, whether a sound enjoyment of animal food can
 develop itself freely in any human subject who is always in torment from
tight boots. I think the extremities require to be at peace before the
stomach will conduct itself with vigour.
    On the occasion of this domestic little party, I did not repeat my former
 extensive preparations. I merely provided a pair of soles, a small leg of
 mutton, and a pigeon-pie. Mrs. Crupp broke out into rebellion on my
 first bashful hint in reference to the cooking of the fish and joint, and said,
 with a dignified sense of injury, " No ! No, sir ! You will not ask me
 sich a thing, for you are better acquainted with me than to suppose me
 capable of doing what I cannot do with ampial satisfaction to my own
 feelings!" But, in the end, a compromise was effected ; and Mrs. Crupp
 consented to achieve this feat, on condition that I dined from home for a
fortnight afterwards.
    And here I may remark, that what I underwent from Mrs. Crupp, in
consequence of the tyranny she established over me, was dreadful. I
never was so much afraid of any one. We made a compromise of every-
thing. If I hesitated, she was taken with that wonderful disorder which
was always lying in ambush in her system, ready, at the shortest notice,
to prey upon her vitals. If I rang the bell impatiently, after half-a-dozen
unavailing modest pulls, and she appeared at last-which was not by
any means to be relied upon-she would appear with a reproachful aspect,
sink breathless on a chair near the door, lay her hand upon her nankeen
bosom, and become so ill, that I was glad, at any sacrifice of brandy or
anything else, to get rid of her. If I objected to having my bed made at
five o'clock in the afternoon-which I do still think an uncomfortable
arrangement-one motion of her hand towards the same nankeen region
of wounded sensibility was enough to make me falter an apology. I n
short, I would have done anything in an honorable way rather than give
BIrs. Crupp offence; and she was the terror of my life.
    I bought a second-hand dumb-waiter for this dinner-party, in prefer-
ence to re-engaging the handy young man ; against whom I had conceived a
prejudice, in consequence of meeting him in the Strand, one Sunday
morning, in a waistcoat remaskably like one of mine, which had been miss-
                                                                  U
