                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           37'1
      A display of indifference to all the actions and passions of mankind was
   not supposed to be such a distinguished quality at that time, I think, as I
  have observed it to be considered since. I have known it very fashion-
  able indeed. I have seen it displayed with such success, that I have
  encountered some fine ladies and gentlemen who might as well have been
  born caterpillars. Perhaps it impressed me the more then, because it
  was new to me, but it certainly did not tend to exalt my opinion of, or to
  strengthen my confidence in, Mr. Jack Maldon.
      " I came out to inquire whether Annie would like to go to the opera

  to-night," said Mr. Maldon, turning to her. " I t 's the last good night
  there will be, this season; and there's a singer there, whom she really
  ought to hear. She is perfectly exquisite. Besides which, she is so
  charmingly ugly," relapsing into languor.
      The Doctor, ever pleased with what was likely to please his young wife,
  turned to her and said :
      "You must go, Annie. You must go."
      "I would rather not," she said to the Doctor. "I prefer to remain at
  home. I would much rather remain at home."
      Without looking at her cousin, she then addressed me, and asked me
  about Agnes, and whether she should see her, and whether she was not
  likely to come that day; and was so much disturbed, that I wondered
  how even the Doctor, buttering his toast, could be blind to what was so
  obvious.
     But he saw nothing. He told her, good-naturedly, that she was young
  and ought to be amused and entertained, and must not allow herself to
  be made dull by a dull old fellow. Moreover, he said, he wanted to hear
 her sing all the new singer's songs to him; and how could she do that
 well, unless she went ? So the Doctor persisted in making the engage-
 ment for her, and Mr. Jack Maldon was to come back to dinner. This
 concluded, he went to his Patent place, I suppose ; but at all events went
 away on his horse, looking very idle.
     I was curious to find out next morning, whether she had been. She
 had not, but had sent into London to put her cousin off; and had gone
 out in the afternoon to see Agnes, and had prevailed upon the Doctor to
 go with her; and they had walked home by the fields, the Doctor told me,
 the evening being delightful. I wondered then, whether she would have
gone if Agnes had not been in town, and whether Agnes had some good
influence over her too !
    She did not look very happy, I thought; but it was a good face, or a
very false one. I often glanced at it, for she sat in the window all the
time we were at work; and made our breakfast, which we took by
snatches as we were employed. When I left, at nine o'clock, she was
kneelmg on the ground at the Doctor's feet, putting on his shoes and
gaiters for him. There was a softened shade upon her face, thrown from
some green leaves overhanging the open window of the low room ; and I
thought all the way to Doctors' Commons, of the night when I had seen it
looking at him as he read.
    I was pretty busy now ; up at five in the morning, and home at nine or
ten at night. But I had infinite satisfaction in being so closely engaged,
and never walked slowly on any account, and felt enthusiastically that the
                                                            B B 2
