564           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    He was hurt. I saw blood on his face, from where I stood; but he
 took no thought of that. H e seemed hurriedly to give them some direc-
 tions for leaving him more free-or so I judged from the motion of his
 arm-and was gone as before.
    And now he made for the wreck, rising with the hills, falling with the
 valleys, lost beneath the rugged foam, borne in towards the shore, borne
 on towards the ship, striving hard and valiantly. The distance was
 nothing, but the power of the sea and wind made the strife deadly. At
 length he neared the wreck. Ile was so near, that with one more of his
 vigorous strokes he would be clinging to it,-when, a high, green, vast
hill-side of water, moving on shoreward, from beyond the ship, he seemed
 to leap up into it with a mighty bound, and the ship was gone !
    Some eddying fragments I saw in the sea, as if a mere cask had been
broken, in running to the spot where they were hauling in. Consternation
was in every face. They drew him to niy very feet-insensible-dead.
H e was carried to the nearest house ; and, no one preventing me now, I
remained near him, busy, while every means of restoration were tried; but
he had been beaten to death by the great wave, and his generous heart
was stilled for ever.
    As I sat beside the bed, when hope was abandoned and all was done, a
fisherman, who had known me when Emily and I were children, and ever
since, whispered my name at the door.
    "Sir," said he, with tears starting to his weather-beaten face, which,
with his trembling lips, was ashy pale, " will you come over yonder ? "
    The old remembrance that had been recalled to me, was in his look. I
 asked him, terror-stricken, leaning on the arm he held out to support me:
    " Has a body come ashore? "

    H e said, " Yes."
    " Do I know it ? " I asked then.

    He answered nothing.
    But, he led me to the shore. And on that part of it where she and I
had looked for shells, two children-on that part of it where some lighter
fragments of the old boat, blown down last night, had been scattered by
the wind-among the ruins of the home he had wronged-I saw him
lying with his head upon his arm, as I had often seen him lie at school.




                          CI-IL4PTER LVI.
                  THE N E W WOUND, AhTD THE OLD.

   No need, 0 Steerforth, to have said, when we last spoke together, in
that hour which I so little deemed to be our parting-hour-no need to have
said, " Think of me at my best ! " I had done that ever ; and could I
change now, looking on this sight !
   They brought a hand-bier, and laid him on it, and covered him with a
