562           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

to the beach. I ran the same way, outstripping a good many, and soon
came facing the wild sea.
    The wind might by this time have lulled a little, though not more
sensibly than if the cannonading I had dreamed of, had been diminished
by the silencing of half-a-dozen guns out of hundreds. But, the sea,
having upon it the additional agitation of the whole night, was infinitely
more terrific than when I had seen it last. Every appearance it had then
presented, bore the expression of being swelled; and the height to which
the breakers rose, and, looking over one another, bore one another down,
and rolled in, in interminable hosts, was most appalling.
    I n the difficulty of hearing anything but wind and waves, and in the
crowd, and the unspeakable confusion, and my first breathless efforts to
stand against the weather, I was so confused that I looked out to sea for
the wreck, and saw nothing but the foaming heads of the great waves. A
half-dressed boatman, standing next me, pointed with his bare arm
(a tattoo'd arrow on it, pointing in the same direction) to the left. Then,
0 great ITeaven, I saw it, close in upon us !
    One mast was broken short off, six or eight feet from the deck, and lay
over the side, entangled in a maze of sail and rigging ; and all that ruin,
as the ship rolled and beat-which she did without a moment's pause,
and with a violence quite inconceivable-beat the side as if it would
stave it in. Some efforts were even then being made, to cut this portion of
the wreck away; for, as the ship, which was broadside on, turned towards
us in her rolling, I plainly descried her people at work with axes, espe-
cially one active figure with long curling hair, conspicuous among the rest.
But, a great cry, which was audible even above the wind and water, rose
from the shore at this moment ; the sea, sweeping over the rolling wreck
made a clean breach, and carried men, spars, casks, planks, bulwarks,
heaps of such toys, into the boiling surge.
    The second mast was yet standing, with the rags of a rent sail, and a
 wild confusion of broken cordage flapping to and fro. The ship had
 struck once, the same boatman hoarsely said in my ear, and then lifted
in and struck again. I understood him to add that she was parting amid-
ships, and I could readily suppose so, for the rolling and beating were too
tremendous for any human work to suffer long. As he spoke, there was
another great cry of pity from the beach; four men arose with the
wreck out of the deep, clinging to the rigging of the remaining mast;
uppermost, the active figure with the curling hair.
    There was a bell on board; and as the ship rolled and dashed, like a
desperate creature driven mad, now showing us the whole sweep of her
deck, as she turned on her beam-ends towards the shore, now nothing
but her keel, as she sprung wildly over and turned towards the sea, the
bell rang; and its sound, the knell of those unhappy men, was borne
towards us on the wind. Again we lost her, and again she rose. Two
men were gone. The agony on shore increased. Men groaned, and
 clasped their hands ; women shrieked, and turned away their faces. Some
ran wildly up and down along the beach, crying for help where no help
 could be. I found myself one of these, frantically imploring a knot of
 sailors whom I knew, not to let those two lost creatures perish before
our eyes.
