                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           195
  upon my expedition. At parting, my aunt gave me some good advice, and a
  good many kisses ; and said that as her object was that I should look about
  me, and should think a little, she would recommend me to stay a few days
  in London, if I liked it, either on my way down into Suffolk, or in coming
  back. In a word, I was at liberty to do what I would, for three weeks or
  a month ; and no other conditions were imposed upon my freedom than
  the before-mentionedthinking and looking about me, and a pledge to write
  three times a week and faithfully report myself.
     I went to Canterbury first, that I might take leave of Agnes and Mr.
 Wickfield (my old room in whose house I had not yet relinquished), and
 also of the good Doctor. Agnes was very glad to see me, and told me
 that the house had not been like itself since I had left it.
    " I am sure I am not like myself when I am away," said I. " I 'seem
to want my right hand, when I miss you. Though that's not saying
much ; for there's no head in my right hand, and no heart. Every one
who knows you, consults with you, and is guided by you, Agnes."
    " Every one who knows me, spoils me, I believe," she answered, smiling.
    "No. I t ' s because you are like no one else. You are so good, and
so sweet-tempered. You have such a gentle nature, and you are always
right."
    "You talk," said Agnes, breaking into a pleasant laugh, as she sat at
work, "as if I were the late Miss Larkins."
    " Come ! I t 's not fair to abuse my confidence," I answered, redden-
ing at the recollection of my blue enslaver. " But I shall confide in you,
just the same, Agnes. I can never grow out of that. Whenever I fall
into trouble, or fall in love, I shall always tell you, if you'll let me-even
 when I come to fall in love in earnest."
    "Why, you have always been in earnest! " said Agnes, laughing
 again.
    " Oh ! that was as a child, or a school-boy," said I, laughing in my
turn, not without being a little shame-faced. "Times are altering now,
and I suppose I shall be in a terrible state of earnestness one day or other.
My wonder is, that you are not in earnest yourself, by this time, Agnes."
    Agnes laughed again, and shook her head.
    " Oh, I know you are not ! " said I, "because if you had been, you

would have told me. Or at least "-for I saw a faint blush in her face,
"you would have let me find it out for myself. But there is no one that
I know of, who deserves to love you, Agnes. Some one of a nobler character,
and more worthy altogether than any one I have ever seen here, must rise
up, before I give my consent. I n the time to come, I shall have a wary
eye on all admirers; and shall exact a great deal from the successful
one, I assure you."
    We had gone on, so far, in a mixture of coddentid jest and earnest,
that had long grown naturally out of our familiar relations, begun as mere
children. But Agnes, now suddenly lifting up her eyes to mine, and
speaking in a different manner, said :
    " Trotwood, there is something that I want to ask you, and that I may
not have another opportunity of asking for a long time, perhaps-something
I would ask, I think, of no one else. Have you observed any gradual
alteration in Papa? "
                                     0   2
