236            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 sign of the exquisite, and treated her with an elopement, her name's Emily,
 and she lives in the east ? Ha ! ha ! ha ! Mr. Copperfield, ain't I volatile ? "
    Merely looking at me with extravagant slyness, and not waiting for any
reply, she continued, without drawing breath :
    "There ! If ever any scapegrace was trimmed and touched up to
perfection, you are, Steerforth. If I understand any noddle in the world,
I understand yours. Do you hear me when I tell you that, my darling ?
I understand yours," peeping down into his face. " Now you may mizzle,
Jemmy (as we say at Court), and if Mr. Copperfield will take the chair
I '11 operate on him."
    " What do you say, Daisy ?" inquired Steerforth, laughing, and resigning
his seat. "Will you be improved?"
    "Thank you, Miss Mowcher, not this evening."
    "Don't say no," returned the little woman, looking at me with the
aspect of a connoisseur ; " a little bit more eyebrow ?"
    "Thank you," I returned, " some other time."
    "Have it carried half a quarter of an inch towards the temple," said
Miss Mowcher. " We can do it in a fortnight."
    " No, I thank you.     Not at present."
    " Go in for a tip," she urged. " No ? Let's get the scaffolding up,
then, for a pair of whiskers. Come ! "
    I could not help blushing as I declined, for I felt we were on my weak
point, now. But Miss Mowcher, finding that I was not at present disposed
for any decoration within the range of her art, and that I was, for the time
being, proof against the blandishments of the small bottle which she held
up before one eye to enforce her persuasions, said we would make a begin-
ning on an early day, and requested the aid of my hand to descend from
her elevated station. Thus assisted, she skipped down with much agility,
and began to tie her double chin into her bonnet.
    " The fee," said Steerforth, " is -"
    " Five bob," replied Miss Mowcher, " and dirt-cheap, my chicken.
Ain't I volatile, Mr. Copperfield? "
    I replied politely : " Not at all." But I thought she was rather so, when
she tossed up his two half-crowns like a goblin pieman, caught them,
dropped them in her pocket, and gave it a loud slap.
    " That 's the Till !" observed Miss Mowcher, standing at the chair again,
and replacing in the bag the miscellaneous collection of little objects she
had emptied out of it. " Have I got all my traps? I t seems so. I t
won't do to be like long Ned Beadwood, when they took him to church 'to
marry him to somebody,' as he says, and left the bride behind. Ha ! ha ! ha !
A wicked rascal, Ned, but droll! Now, I know I ' m going to break
your hearts, but I am forced to leave you. You must call up all your
fortitude, and try to bear it. Good bye, Mr. Copperfield ! Take care of
yourself, Jockey of Norfolk ! How I have been rattling on ! It's all the
fault of you two wretches. Iforgive you ! ' Bob swore ! '-as the English-
man said for ' Good night,' when he first learnt French, and thought it so
like English. ' Bob swore,' my ducks ! "
    With the bag slung over her arm, and rattling as she waddled away,
she waddled to the door ; where she stopped to inquire if she should leave
us a lock of her hair. " Ain't I volatile? " she added, as a commentary on
this offer, and, with her finger on her nose, departed.
