                               KNIGHT'S PICTORIAL WORKS.

                                     LIFE OF OUR SAVIOUR.
                              I n handsome cloth, gilt edges, price 7s. 6d.,

            A PICTORIAL LIFE OF OUR                                            SAVIOUR.
                            By J. KITTO,Editor of the Pictorial Bible.


                                  OLD ENGLAND'S WORTHIES.
                        Price 18s. in Parts, or 11. 2s. 6d. in handsome cloth.

                     O L D ENGLAND'S                        WORTHIES.
A Gallery of 72 Portraits on Steel, and 12 splendid Illuminated Engravings of some remarkable
place or monument associated with the life of some one of ' OLD ENGLAND'S WORTHIES,'
arranged in a chronological order, thus enabling the reader to become familiar with the greatest
names of his countrymen in illustrative succession.


       A PICTORIAL COMPANION AND KEY TO EVERY HISTORY OF ENGLAND.
With 3000 Woodcuts and 24 Coloured Engravings, price 36s. in Twenty-four Parts, or 2 handsome
                                   volumes, cloth, 21. 5s.,

                              OLD             ENGLAND;
                 A PICTORIAL MUSEUM OF NATIONAL ANTIQUITIES.
  This Work opens to all ranks, at the cheapest rate, a view of the REGAL,ECCLESIASTICAL,
BARONIAL, M U N ~ C I P A L , and POPULAR ANTIQUITIES of England, given in a chronological order; and
thus the work is a Companion and a Key to every English History. The Engravings embrace the
most remarkable of our buildings from the earliest times-DRUIDICAL REMAINS,CATHEDRALS,
ABBEYS,CHURCHES,        COLLEGES,    CASTLES,CIVICHALLS,MANSIONS,    SEPULCIIRAL   MONUXENTS   of our
Princes and Nobles, portraits of British Worthies and representations of localities associated with
their names, ancient Pictures and Illuminations of Historical Events, the Great Seals and Arms of
the Monarchy, Coins and Medals, Autographs; with the fullest pictorial indications of the
INDUSTRY, the ARTS,the SPOXTS,         the DRESSES,and the DAILYLIFE of the People.



                      S O UTH'S HINTS ON EMERGENCIES.
                                               Price 5s.,

             HOUSEHOLD                                      SURGERY;
                                                   0%
                           HINTS ON EMERGENCIES.
                   By JOHN F. SOUTH, Surgeon to St. Thomas's Hospital.
  T h e object of this Work is to afford some useful hints as to the means which
people have in their own power to employ when accidents happen which require
immediate attention and no medical man is at hand, and often cannot be obtained
for hours. Such cases are neither few nor unimportant, and many serious conse-
quences-nay, even death-may be prevented if a judicious person, having been put
on the track, make use of the simple remedies almost every house affords.
   " W e have seldom seen a book of wider or more sound practical utility than
this unpretending little volume. W e can conscientiously recommend Mr. South's
Manual to the notice of the public. I t is not a class-hook; IT IS EVERYBODY'S
BOOK ; and above all, travellers, emigrants, and residents in remote country places
should not fail to provide themselves with it."-Morning   Clwonicle.

               C, COX, 12, KING WILLIAM STREET, STRAND.
