                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           137
  slinking off, to think how I had best proceed, when there came out of the
 house a lady with a handkerchief tied over her cap, and a pair of gardening
 gloves on her hands, wearing a gardening pocket like a tollman's apron,
 and carrying a great knife. I knew her immediately to be Miss Betsey,
 for she came stalking out of the house exactly as my poor mother had
 so often described her stalking up our garden at Blunderstone Rookery.
      " Go away ! " said Miss Betsey, shaking her head, and making a dis-

 tant chop in the air with her knife. " Go along ! No boys here ! "
     I watched her, with my heart at my lips, as she marched to a corner of
 her garden, and stooped to dig up some little root there. Then, without
 a scrap of courage, but with a great deal of desperation, I went softly in
 and stood beside her, touching her with my finger.
     "If you please, ma'am," I began.
     She started, and looked up.
     " If you please, aunt."

     " EH?" exclaimed Miss Betsey, in a tone of amazement I have never
 heard approached.
     " If you please, aunt, I am your nephew."

     " Oh, Lord ! " said my aunt.    And sat flat down in the garden-path.
     " I am David Copperfield, of Blunderstone, in Suffolk-where            you
 came, on the night when I was born, and saw my dear mama. I have
been very unhappy since she died. I have been slighted, and taught
 nothing, and thrown upon myself, and put to work not fit for me. I t
made me run away to you. I was robbed at first setting out, and have
walked all the way, and have never slept in a bed since I began the
journey." Here my self-support gave way all at once ; and with a move-
ment of my hands, intended to show her my ragged state, and call it to
witness that I had suffered something, I broke into a passion of crying,
 which I suppose had been pent up within me all the week.
     My aunt, with every sort of expression but wonder discharged from her
 countenance, sat on the gravel, staring at me, until I began to cry; when
she got up in a great hurry, collared me, and took me into the parlor.
Her first proceeding there was to unlock a tall press, bring out several
bottles, and pour some of the contents of each into my mouth. I think
they must have been taken out at random, for I am sure I tasted aniseed
water, anchovy sauce, and salad dressing. When she had administered
these restoratives, as I was still quite hysterical, and unable to controul
my sobs, she put me on the sofa, with a shawl under my head, and the
handkerchief from her own head under my feet, lest I should sully the
cover ; and then, sitting herself down behind the green fan or screen I have
already mentioned, so that I could not see her face, ejaculated at intervals,
 " Mercy on us ! " letting those exclamations off like minute guns.

     After a time she rang the bell. "Janet," said my aunt, when her
servant came in. " Go up stairs, give my compliments to Mr. Dick, and
 say I wish to speak to him."
     Janet looked a little surprised to see me lying stiffly on the sofa (I was
 afraid to move lest it should be displeasing to my aunt), but went on her
errand. My aunt, with her hands behind her, walked up and down the
room, until the gentleman who had squinted at me from the upper window
came in laughing.
