                                       ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                3
              -                                                       -                              --


MEXSRX. BRADBURP & EVANS beg to antzozcnce that i n MARCH NEXT
            will be published PRICvE TWOPENCE,

                                 THE FIRST NU?I;IBER              OF

  A NEW WEEKLY MISCELLANY
           Conducted by Mr. CHARLES DICKENS ;
 Designed for the Entertainment and Instruction of all Classes of Readers, and to help in the
                Discussion of the most Important Social Questions of the Time.




         NEW WORK ON GARDENING AND BOTANY.

                    On the 1st of March will be published, price 2s. 6d., No. I. of




              EDITED BY DR. LINDLEY AND JOSEPH PAXTON.

  N D I L L U S T R A T E D BY H I G H L Y F I N I S H E D PLATES AND WOODCUTS.



    Thiswork, for which Monsieur CONSTANS,      a French Botanical Draughtsman of great taste and skill,
and a pupil of Mons. Decaisne, has been expressly engaged, will be confined to the proper business of
an illustrated book, namely the representation and description of all newplants which may appear
i n gardens. The species which are of most importance will be illustrated by coloured plates, one
  species or genus only to a plate, with a leaf or more of letter-press, explaining the principal
 scientific and horticultural facts which belong to each plant. The species of less importance will
be treated of more briefly, and will be illustrated when necessary by copious woodcuts and
vignettes. The object, in short, will be to combine Scientific Botany with Gardening, and exact
  delineations of plants with pictorial effect. I t is believed that by such means this periodical will
not only be indispensable to the BOTANIST     and GARDENER,    but be also amine of invaluable hints by
which the ARTISTand MANUFACTURER           will be able to profit.

   I t is not intended to admit any other kind of matter than such as is now described. All special
treatises on cultivation, and all disquisitions respecting subjects incidental to gardening will be
transferred to the Gardeners' Chronicle and similar periodicals, in which there is ample space for
such discussions, and to which they have now become better adapted than to a pictorial work.
