              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

throw% a word at a mad dog. He might have offered him one gently,
or half a one, or a fragment of one; for he spoke as slowly as he walked ;
but he wouldn't have been rude to him, and he couldn't have been
quick with him, for any earthly consideration.
   Mr. Chillip, looking mildly at my aunt, with his head on one side,
and making her a little bow, said, in allusion to the jewellers' cotton, as
he softly touched his left ear :
   " Some local irritation, ma'am ? "

   "What! " replied my aunt, pulling the cotton out of one ear like
a cork.
   Mr. Chillip was so alarmed by her abruptness-as he told my mother
afterwards-that it was a mercy he didn't lose his presence of mind.
But he repeated, sweetly :
   " Some local irritation, ma'am ? "

   " Nonsense !" replied my aunt, and corked herself again, at one

blow.
   Mr. Chillip could do nothing after this, but sit and look at her feebly,
as she sat and looked at the fire, until he was called up-stairs again.
After some quarter of an hour's absence, he returned.
   "Well?" said my aunt, taking the cotton out of the ear nearest
to him.
   " Well, ma'am," returned Mr. Chillip, "we are-we are progressing
slowly, ma'am."
   " Ba-a-ah       ! " said my aunt, with a perfect shake on the contemptuous
interjection. And corked herself, as before.
   Really-really-as      Mr. Chillip told my mother, he was almost shocked ;
speaking in a professional point of view alone, he was almost shocked.
But he sat and looked at her, notwithstanding, for nearly two hours, as
she sat looking at the fire, until he was again called out. After another
absence, he again returned.
   " Well ? " said my aunt, taking out the cotton on that side again.

   " Well, ma'am," returned Mr. Chillip, " we are-we           are progressing
slowly, ma'am."
   " Ya-a-ah!"        said my aunt. With such a snarl at him, that Mr. Chillip
absolutely could not bear it. I t was really calculated to break his spirit,
he said afterwards. He preferred to go and sit upon the stairs, in the
dark and a strong draught, until he was again sent for.
   Ham Peggotty, who went to the national school, and was a very
dragon at his catechism, and who may therefore be regarded as a credible
witness, reported next day, that happening to peep in at the parlor-door
an hour after this, he was instantly descried by Miss Betsey, then walking
to and fro in a state of agitation, and pounced upon before he could make
his escape. That there were now occasional sounds of feet and voices
overhead which he inferred the cotton did not exclude, from the circum-
stance of his evidently being clutched by the lady as a victim on whom to
expend her superabundant agitation when the sounds were loudest. That,
marching him constantly up and down by the collar (as if he had been
taking too much laudanum), she, at those times, shook him, rumpled his
hair, made light of his linen, stopped his ears as if she confounded them
