                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           281
     "What makes you suppose there is any young lady in the case,
  Mrs. Crupp ? " said I.
     " Mr. ~ o ~ ~ e r f u l l said
                               , " Mrs. Crupp, with a great deal of feeling,
  " I 'm a mother myself."
    For some time Mrs. Crupp could only lay her hand upon her nankeen
 bosom, and fortify herself against returning pain with sips of her medicine.
 At length she spoke again.
     "When the present set were took for you by your dear aunt, Mr.
 Copperfull," said Mrs. Crupp, "my remark were, I had now found
 summun I could care for. ' Thank Ev'in ! ' were the expression, ' I have
 now found summun I can care for! '-You           don't eat enough, sir, nor
 yet drink."
    " Is that what you found your supposition on, Mrs. Crupp ? " said I.

    " Sir," said Mrs. Crupp, in a tone approaching to severity, " I 've laun-
 dressed other young gentlemen besides yourself. A young gentleman
 may be over-careful of himself, or he may be under-careful of himself. H e
 may brush his hair too regular, or too unregular. He may wear his boots
 much too large for him, or much too small. That is according as the
young gentleman has his original character formed. But let him go to
 which extreme he may, sir, there's a young lady in both of 'em."
    Mrs. Crupp shook her head in such a determined manner, that I had
 not an inch of 'vantage ground left.
    " I t was but the gentleman which died here before yourself," said
 Mrs Crupp, " that fell in love-with a barmaid-and had his waistcoats
 took in directly, though much swelled by drinking."
    " Mrs. Crupp," said I, " I must beg you not to connect the young lady
 in my case with a barmaid, or anything of that sort, if you please."
     " Mr. Copperfull," returned Mrs. Crupp, " I 'm a mother myself, and
 not likely. I ask your pardon, sir, if I intrude. I should never wish to
intrude where I were not welcome. But you are a young gentleman,
 Mr. Copperfull, and my adwice to you is, to cheer up, sir, to keep a good
heart, and to know your own walue. If you was to take to something,
sir," said Mrs. Crupp, "if you was to take to skittles, now, which is
healthy, you might find it divert your mind, and do you good."
    With these words, Mrs. Crupp, affecting to be very careful of the
brandy-which it was all gone-thanked me with a majestic curtsey,
and retired. As her figure disappeared into the gloom of the entry,
this counsel certainly presented itself to my mind in the light of a slight
liberty on Mrs. Crupp's part; but, at the same time, I was content to
receive it, in another point of view, as a word to the wise, and a warning
in future to keep my secret better.
