538           THE PZRSONAL HISTORY AND EXPEXIENCE

     " Must it ? I don't know that," said Uriah. "I must have time to
  think about that."
     " Certainly," replied Traddles ; "but, in the meanwhile, and until
  everything is done to our satisfaction, we shall maintain possession of
  these things; and beg you-in short, compel you-to keep your own
 room, and hold no communication with any one."
     " I won't do it ! " said Uriah, with an oath.
     " Maidstone Jail is a safe' place of detention," observed Traddles ;
  "and though the law may be longer in righting us, and may not be able
 to right us so completely as you can, there is no doubt of its punishing
 you. Dear me, you know that quite as well as I! Copperfield, will you
 go round to the Guildhall, and bring a couple of officers?"
    Here, hfrs. Heep broke out again, crying on her knees to Agnes to in-
 terfere in their behalf, exclaiming that he was very humble, and it was all
 true, and if he didn't do what we wanted, she would, and much more to the
 same purpose ; being half frantic with fears for her darling. To inquire
 what he might have done, if he had had any boldness, would be like
 inquiring what a mongrel cur might do, if it had the spirit of a tiger. H e
was a corvard, from head to foot ;and showed his dastardly nature through
his sullenness and mortification, as much as at any time of his mean life.
    " Stop ! " he growled to me ; and wiped his hot face with his hand.
 "Mother, hold your noise. Well! Let'em have that deed. Go and fetch it ! "
    "Do you help her, Mr. Dick," said Traddles, "if you please."
    Proud of his commission, and understanding it, Mr. Dick accompanied
her as a shepherd's dog might accompany a sheep. But, Mrs. Ileep gave
him little trouble; for she not only returned with the deed, but with the
box in which it was, where we found a banker's book and some other
papers that were afterwards serviceable.
    " Good ! " said Traddles, when this was brought.      " Now, Mr. Heep,
you can retire to think : particularly observing, if you please, that I de-
clare to you, on the part of all present, that there is only one thing to be
done ; that it is what I have explained; and that it must be done without
delay."
    Uriah, without lifting his eyes from the ground, shuflled across the
room with his hand to his chin, and pausing at the door, said :
    " Copperfield, I have always hated you.        You've always been an
upstart, and you've always been against me."
    " As I think I told you once beforeJJ'saidI, "it is you who have been,

in your greed and cunning, against all the world. I t may be profitable
to you to reflect, in future, that there never were greed and cunning in the
world yet, that did not do too much, and over-reach themselves. I t is as
certain as death."
    " Or as certain as they used to teach at school (the same school where
I picked up so much umbleness), from nine o'clock to eleven, that labor
was a curse; and from eleven o'clock to one, that it was a blessing and a
cheerfulness, and a dignity, and I don't know what all, eh? " said he with a
sneer. " You preach, about as consistent as they did. Won't umbleness
go down? I shouldn't have got round my gentleman fellow-partner with-
 out it, I think.-Micawber, you old bully, I'll pay you !"
    Mr. Micawber, supremely defiant of him and his extended finger, arid
 making a great deal of his chest until he had slunk out at the door,
