               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

stupendous voice, "Hallo, you sir ! You Copperfield! Show that
badge conspicuous, or I'll report you!"              The playground was a
bare gravelled yard, open to all the back of the house and the offices;
and I knew that the servants read it, and the butcher read it, and
the baker read i t ; that everybody, in a word, who came backwards
and forwaxds to the house, of a morning when I was ordered to walk
there, read that I was to be taken care of, for I bit. I recollect that I posi-
tively began to have a dread of myself, as a kind of wild boy who did bite.
   There was an old door in this playground, on which the boys had
a custom of carving their names. I t was completely covered with
such inscriptions. I n my dread of the end of the vacation and
their coming back, I could not read a boy's name, without enquiring
in what tone and with what emphasis he would read, "Take care
of him. H e bites." There was one boy-a               certain J. Steerforth-
who cut his name very deep and very often, who, I conceived, would
read it in a rather strong voice, and afterwards pull my hair. There
was another boy, one Tommy Traddles, who I dreaded would make game
of it, and pretend to be dreadfully frightened of me. There was a third,
George Demple, who I fancied would sing it. I have looked, a little
shrinking creature, at that door, until the owners of all the names-there
were five-and-forty of them in the school then, Mr. Me11 said-seemed to
send me to Coventry by general acclamation, and to cry out, each in his
own way, '&lt; Take care of him. He bites ! "
   I t was the same with the places at the desks and forms. I t was the
same with the groves of deserted bedsteads I peeped at, on my way to,
and when I was in, my own bed. I remember dreaming night after night,
of being with my mother as she used to be, or of going to a party at
Mr. Peggotty's, or of travelling outside the stage-coach, or of dining again
with my unfortunate friend the waiter, and in all these circumstances
making people scream and stare, by the unhappy disclosure that I had
nothing on but my little night-shirt, and that placard.
   I n the monotony of my life, and in my constant apprehension of the
reopening of the school, it was such an insupportable affliction ! I had
long tasks every day to do with Mr. Mell; but I did them, there being no
Mr. and Miss Murdstone here, and got through them without disgrace.
Before, and after them, I walked about-supervised, as I have mentioned,
by the man with the woodenleg. How vividly I call to mind the damp
about the house, the green cracked flagstones in the court, an old leaky
water-butt, and the discolored trunks of some of the grim trees, which
seemed to have dripped more in the rain than other trees, and to
have blown less in the sun ! At one we dined, Mr. Me11 and I, at the
upper end of a long bare dining-room, full of deal tables, and smelling of
fat. Then, we had more tasks until tea, which Mr. Me11 drank out
of a blue teacup, and I out of a tin pot. All day long, and until seven
or eight in the evening, Mr. Mell, at his own detached desk in the
schoolroom, worked hard with pen, ink, ruler, books, and writing-paper,
making out the bills (as I found) for last half-year. When he had put
up his things for the night he took out his flute, and blew at it,
until I almost thought he would gradually blow his whole being into
the large hole at the top, and ooze away at the keys.
