                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            323
      "Ay, Mas'r Davy. I doen't rightly know how 'tis, but from over
  yon there seemed to me to come-the       end of it like ;" looking at me as
  if he were waking, but with the same determined face.
      " What end ? " I asked, possessed by my former fear.

      " I doen't know," he said thoughtfully ; " I was calling to mind that the
  beginning of it all did take place here-and then the end come. But it's
 gone ! Mas'r Davy," he added ; answering, as I think, my look ; "you
 han't no call to be afeerd of me: but I ' m kiender muddled; I doen't
 fare to feel no matters,"-which     was as much as to say that he was not
 himself, and q u ~ t econfounded.
     Mr. Peggotty stopping for us to join him: we did so, and said no
 more. The remembrance of this, in connexion with my former thought,
 however, haunted me at intervals, even until the inexorable end came at
 its appointed time.
     We insensibly approached the old boat, and entered. Mrs. Gummidge,
 no longer moping in her especial corner, was busy preparing breakfast.
 She took Mr. Peggotty's hat, and placed his seat for him, and spoke so
 comfortably and softly, that I hardly knew her.
     "Dan'l, my good man," said she, "you must eat and drink, and keep
 up your strength, for without it you'll do nowt. Try, that's a dear soul!
 And if I disturb you with my clicketten," she meant her chattering, " tell
 me so, Dan'l, and I won't."
     When she had served us all, she withdrew to the window, where she
sedulously emplojied herself in repairing some shirts and other clothes
belonging to Mr. Peggotty, and neatly folding and packing them in an old
oilskin bag, such as sailors carry. Meanwhile, she continued talking, in
the same quiet manner :
     " All times and seasons, you know, Dan'l,"     said Mrs. Gummidge, " I
shall be allus here, and every think will look accordin' to your wishes.
I ' m a poor scholar, but I shall write to you, odd times, when yon 're away,
and send my letters to Mas'r Davy. Maybe you '11 write to me too,
Dan'l, odd times, and tell me how you fare to feel upon your lone lorn
journies."
     " You '11 be a solitary woman heer, I 'm afeerd ! " said Mr. Peggotty.
     '&lt;No, no, Dan'l," she returned, " I shan't be that. Doen't you mind
 me. I shall have enough to do to keep a Beeiu for you" (Mrs. Gum-
 midge meant a home), " again you come back-to keep a Beein here for
 any that may hap to come back, Dan'l. I n the fine time, I shall set out-
 side the door as I used to do. If any should come nigh, they shall see
 the old widder woman true to 'em, a long way off."
     What a change in Mrs. Gummidge in a httle time ! She was another
 woman. She was so devoted, she had such a quick perception of
 what it would be well to say, and what it would be well to leave unsaid,
  she was so forgetful of herself, and so regardful of the sorrow about
 her, that I held her in a sort of veneration. The work she did that
  day ! There were many things to be brought up from the beach
  and stored i n the outhouse-as oars, nets, sails, cordage, spars, lobster-
  pots, bags of ballast, and the like ; and though there was abundance of
  assistance rendered, there being not a pair of working hands on all that
  shore but would have labored hard for Mr. Peggotty, and been well paid
                                                                 Y 2
