184           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 of pecuniary difficulties," I knew he was certain to say something of this
 kind ; he always would be so boastful about his difficulties. " Sometimes
 I have risen superior to my difficulties. Sometimes my difficulties have-
 in short, have floored me. There have been times when I have adminis-
 tered a succession of facers to them; there have been times when they
 have been too many for me, and I have given in, and said to Mrs. Micawber
 in the words of Cato, ' Plato, thou reasonest well. It's all up now. I can
 show fight no more.' But at no time of my life," said Mr. Micawber,
 "have I enjoyed a higher degree of satisfaction than in pouring my griefs
 (if I may describe difficulties, chiefly arising out of warrants of attorney
 and promissory notes at two and four months, by that word) into the
 bosom of my friend Copperfield."
     Mr.Micawber closed this handsome tribute by saying, "Mr. Heep!
 Good evening. Mrs. Heep ! Your servant," and then walking out with
 me in his most fashionable manner, making a good deal of noise on the
pavement with his shoes, and humming a tune as we went.
    I t was a little inn where Mr. Micawber put up, and he occupied a little
room in it, partitioned off from the commercial room, and strongly
flavored with tobacco smoke. I think it was over the kitchen, because
a warm greasy smell appeared to come up through the chinks in the floor,
 and there was a flabby perspiration on the walls. I know it was near the
bar, on account of the smell of spirits and gingling of glasses. Here, recum-
 bent on a small sofa, underneath a picture of a race-horse, with her head
 close to the fire, and her feet pushing the mustard off the dumb-waiter at
the other end of the room, was Mrs. Micawber, to whom Mr. Micawber
entered first, saying, " My dear, allow me to introduce to you a pupil of
Doctor Strong's."
    I noticed, by-the-by, that although Mr. Micawber was just as much
confused as ever about my age and standing, he always remembered, as a
genteel thing, that I was a pupil of Doctor Strong's.
    Mrs. Micawber was amazed, but very glad to see me. I was very glad
to see her too, and after an affectionate greeting on both sides, sat down
on the small sofa near her.
    " My dear,"     said Mr. Micawber, "if you will mention to Copperfield
what our present position is, which I have no doubt he will like to know, I
will go and look at the paper the while, and see whether any thing turns
up among the advertisements."
    "I thought you were at Plymouth, ma'am," I said to Mrs. Micawber, as
he went out.
     " My dear Master Copperfield," she replied, "we went to Plymouth."
     " To be on the spot," I hinted.
    "Just so," said Mrs. Micawber. " To be on the spot. But, the truth
is, talent is not wanted in the Custom House. The local influence of my
family was quite unavailing to obtain any employment in that department,
for a man of Mr. Micawber's abilities. They would rather not have a man
of Mr. Micawber's abilities. He would only show the deficiency of the
others. Apart from which," said Mrs. Micawber, " I will not disguise
from you, my dear Master Copperfield, that when that branch of my family
which is settled in Plymouth became aware that Mr. Micawber was accom-
panied by myself, and by little Wilkins and his sister, and by the twins,
they did not receive him with that ardor which he might have expected,
