62            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

confusing, among so many strangers, and cost me some tears, but on the
whole it was much better than I had anticipated.
   I was not considered as being formally received into the school, however,
until J. Steerforth arrived. Before this boy, who was reputed to be a
great scholar, and was very good-looking, and at least half-a-dozen years
my senior, I was carried as before a magistrate. H e enquired, under a shed
in the playground, into the particulars of my punishment, and was pleased
to express his opinion that it was " a jolly shame ;" for which I became
bound to him ever afterwards.
   "What money have you got, Copperfield? " he said, walking aside with
me when he had disposed of my affair in these terms.
   I told him seven shillings.
   " You had better give it to me to take care of," he said. "At least,
you can if you like. You needn't if you don't like."
   I hastened to comply with his friendly suggestion, and open in^
Peggotty's purse, turned it upside down into his hand.
   " Do you want to spend anything now? " he asked me.

   " No, thank you," I replied.
   " You can if you like, you know," said Steerforth. " Say the word."
   "No, thank you, sir," I repeated.
   " Perhaps you'd like to spend a couple of shillings or so, in a bottle of
currant wine by-and-by, up in the bedroom? " said Steerforth. " You
belong to my bedroom, I find."
   It certainly had not occurred to me before, but I said, Yes, I should
like that.
   "Very good," said Steerforth. " You'll be glad to spend another
shilling or so, in almond cakes, I dare say? "
   1 said, Yes, I should like that, too.
   " And another shilling or so in biscuits, and another in fruit, eh? "

said Steerforth. " I say, young Copperfield, you 're going it ! "
   I smiled because he smiled, but I was a little troubled in my mind, too.
   " Well ! " said Steerforth.   " We must make it stretch as far as we
can; that's all. I 'll do the best in my power for you. I can go out
when I like, and I'll smuggle the prog in." With these words he put the
money in his pocket, and kindly told me not to make myself uneasy; he
would take care it should be all right.
   H e was as good as his word, if that were all right which I had a secret
misgiving was nearly all wrong-for I feared it was a waste of my mother's
two half-crowns-though      I had preserved the piece of paper they were
wrapped in: which was a precious saving. When we went up-stairs
to bed, he produced the whole seven shillings' worth, and laid it out on
my bed in the moonlight, saying :
   "There you are, young Copperfield, and a royal spread you 'ye got ! "
   I couldn't think of doing the honors of the feast, at my time of life,
while he was by; my hand shook at the very thought of it. I begged
him to do me the favor of presiding; and my request being seconded by
the other boys who were in that room, he acceded to it, and sat upon my
pillow, handing round the viands-with perfect fairness, I must say-and
dispensing the currant wine in a little glass without a foot, which was his
 own property. As to me, I sat on his left hand, and the rest were grouped
 about us, on the nearest beds and on the floor.
