                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           107
   Mr. Peggotty and Ham knew what was in my thoughts as well as
I did, and were ready with some supper and their hospitable faces to drive
it away. Little Em'ly came and sat beside me on the locker, for the
only time in all that visit; and it was altogether a wonderful close to a
wonderful day.
    I t was a night tide; and soon after we went to bed, Mr. Peggotty and
Ham went out to fish. I felt very brave at being left alone in the solitary
house, the protector of Em'ly and Mrs. Gummidge, and only wished that
a lion or a serpent, or any ill-disposed monster, would make an attack
upon us, that I might destroy him, and cover myself with glory. But as
nothing of the sort happened to be walking about on Yarmouth flats that
night, I provided the best substitute I could by dreaming of dragons until
morning.
     With morning came Peggotty ; who called to me, as usual, under my
window as if Mr. Barkis the carrier had been from first to last a dream
too. After breakfast she took me to her own home, and a beautiful
 little home it was. Of all the moveables in it, I must have been most
impressed by a certain old bureau of some dark wood in the parlor
 (the tile-floored kitchen was the general sitting-room), with a retreating
 top which opened, let down, and became a desk, within which, was a large
 quarto edition of Fox's Book of Martyrs. This precious volume, of
 which I do not recollect one word, I immediately discovered and imme-
 diately applied myself to ; and I never visited the house afterwards, but
 I kneeled on a chair, opened the casket where this gem was enshrined,
 spread my arms over the desk, and fell to devouring the book afresh.
 I was chiefly edified, I am afraid, by the pictures, which were numerous,
 and represented all kinds of dismal horrors ; but the Martyrs and
Peggotty's house have been inseparable in my mind ever since, and are
 now.
     I took leave of Mr. Peggotty, and Ham, and Mrs. Gummidge, and little
 Em'ly, that day ; and passed the night at PeggottyJs,in a little room in the
 roof (with the crocodile-book on a shelf by the bed's head) which was to
be always mine, Peggotty said, and should always be kept for me in
exactly the same state.
     '' Young or old, Davy dear, as long as I am alive and have this house
 over my head," said Peggotty, "you shall find it as if I expected you here
 directly minute. I shall keep it every day, as I used to keep your old little
room, my darling ; and if you was to go to China, you might think of it as
being kept just the same, all the time you were away."
    I felt the truth and constancy of my dear old nurse, with all my heart,
and thanked her as well as I could. That was not very well, for she spoke
to me thus, with her arms round my neck, in the morning, and I was
going home in the morning, and I went home in the morning, with her-
self and Mr. Barkis in the cart. They left me at the gate, not easily or
lightly; and it was a strange sight to me to see the cart go on, taking
Peggotty away, and leaving me under the old elm-trees looking at the
house, in which there was no face to look on mine with love or liking any
more.
    And now I fell into a state of neglect, which I cannot look back upon
without compassion. I fell at once into a solitary condition,-apart from all
friendly notice, apart from the society of all other boys of my own age,
