 152           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     c' Miss Trotwood," rejoined Mr. Murdstone, shrugging his shoulders,
  as he rose, "if you were a gentleman-"
     " Bah ! stuff and nonsense ! " said my aunt.   "Don't talk to me !"
     " How exquisitely polite ! " exclaimed Miss Murdstone, rising. " Over-
 powering, really ! "
     " Do you think I don't know," said my aunt, turning a deaf ear to the

 sister, and continuing to address the brother, and to shake her head at
 him with infinite expression, " what kind of life you must have led that
 poor, unhappy, misdirected baby ? Do you think I don't know what a
 woeful day it was for the soft little creature, when you first came in her
 way-smirking and making great eyes at her, I'll be bound, as if you
 couldn't say boh ! to a goose ! "
    " I never heard anything so elegant ! " said Miss Murdstone.

    "Do you think I can't understand you as well as if I had seen you,"
pursued my aunt, " now that I do see and hear you-which, I tell you
 candidly, is anything but a pleasure to me ? Oh yes, bless us ! who so
 smooth and silky as Mr. Murdstone at first ! The poor, benighted inno-
 cent had never seen such a man. H e was made of sweetness. He wor-
 shipped her. He doted on her boy-tenderly doted on him! He was
to be another father to him, and they were all to live together in a garden
of roses, weren't they ? Ugh ! Get along with you, do ! " said my aunt.
    " I never heard anything like this person in my life ! " exclaimed

Miss Murdstone.
    " And when you had made sure of the poor little fool," said my aunt
-"     God forgive me that I should call her so, and she gone where
you won't go in a hurry-because you had not done wrong enough to her
 and hers, you must begin to train her, must you? begin to break her, like
 a poor caged bird, and wear her deluded life away, in teaching her to
 sing your notes ? "
     "This is either insanity or intoxication," said Miss Murdstone, in a
 perfect agony at not being able to turn the current of my aunt's address
 towards herself; " and my suspicion is, that it's intoxication."
    Miss Betsey, without taking the least notice of the interruption, con-
tinued to address herself to Mr. Murdstone as if there had been no
such thing.
    "Mr. Murdstone,'' she said, shaking her finger at him, " you were a
tyrant to the simple baby, and you broke her heart. She was a loving
baby-I know that; I knew it, years before you ever saw her-and
through the best part of her weakness, you gave her the wounds she died
of. There is the truth for your comfort, however you like it. And you
and your instruments may make the most of it."
   " Allow me to inquire, Miss Trotwood," interposed Miss Murdstone,
" whom you are pleased to call, in a choice of words in which I am not
experienced, my brother's instruments ? "
   Still stone-deaf to the voice, and utterly unmoved by it, Miss Betsey
pursued her discourse.
   " I t was clear enough, as I have told you, years before you ever saw
her-and why, in the mysterious dispensations of Providence, you ever
did see her, is more than humanity can comprehend-it was clear enough
that the poor soft little thing would marry somebody, at some time or
other; but I did hope it wouldn't have been as bad as it has turned out.
