                         OF DAVID COPPERTIELD.                            133
reputation of having sold himself to the devil, I soon understood from
the visits he received from the boys, who continually came skirmishing
about the shop, shouting that legend, and calling to him to bring out his
gold. " You ain't poor, you know, Charley, as you pretend. Bring out
your gold. Bring out some of the gold you sold yourself to the devil for.
Come ! It's in the lining of the mattress, Charley. Rip it open and let 's
have some ! " This, and many offers to lend him a knife for the purpose,
exasperated him to such a degree, that the whole day was a succession of
rushes on his part, and flights on the part of the boys. Sometimes in
his rage he would take me for one of them, and come at me, mouthing as if
he were going to tear me in pieces ; then, remembering me, just in time,
would dive into the shop, and lie upon his bed, as I thought from the
sound of his voice, yelling in a frantic way, to his own windy tune, the
Death of Nelson ; with an Oh ! before every line, and innumerable Goroos
interspersed. As if this were not bad enough for me, the boys, connecting
me with the establishment, on account of the patience and perseverance
with which I sat outside, half-dressed, pelted me, and used me yery ill all day.
    He made many attempts to induce me to consent to an exchange ; at
one time coming out with a fishing-rod, at another with a fiddle, at another
with a cocked hat, at another with a flute. But I resisted all these
overtures, and sat there in desperation; each time asking him, with tears
in my eyes, for my money or my jacket. At last he began to pay me in
halfpence at a time; and was full two hours getting by easy stages to a
shilling.
    " Oh, my eyes and limbs ! " he then cried, peeping hideously out of the

shop, after a long pause, L C will you go for twopence more?"
    " I can't," I said ; "I shall be starved."
    " Oh, my lungs and liver, will you go for threepence?"
    "I would go for nothing, if I could," I said, " but I want the money
badly ."
    " Oh, go-roo ! " (it is really impossible to express how he twisted this
ejaculation out of himself, as he peeped round the doorpost at me, showing
nothing but his crafty old head) ; "will you go for fourpence ? "
    I was so faint and weary that I closed with this offer; and taking the
money out of his claw, not without trembling, went away more hungry
and thirsty than I had ever been, a little before sunset. But at an
 expense of threepence I soon refreshed myself completely; and, being in
better spirits then, limped seven miles upon my road.
    My bed at night was under another haystack, where I rested comfort-
 ably, after having washed my blistered feet in a stream, and dressed them
 as well as I was able, with some cool leaves. When I took the road again
next morning, I found that it lay through a succession of hop-grounds and
 orchards. I t was sufficiently late in the year for the orchards to be ruddy
 with ripe apples; and in a few places the hop-pickers were already at
 work. I thought it all extremely beautiful, and made up my mind to
 sleep among the hops that night: imagining some cheerful companion-
 ship in the long perspectives of poles, with the graceful leaves twining
 round them.
    The trampers were worse than ever that day, and inspired me with a
 dread that is yet quite fresh in my mind. Some of them were most
