27 2          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Steerforth. I wrote to him most affectionately in reply to his, but I think I
was glad, upon the whole, that he could not come to London just then. I
suspect the truth to be, that the influence of Agnes was upon me, undis-
turbed by the sight of him; and that it was the more powerful with me,
because she had so large a share in my thoughts and interest.
    I n the meantime, days and weeks slipped away. I was articled to
Spenlow and Jorkins. I had ninety pounds a year (exclusive of my house-
rent and sundry collateral matters) from my aunt. My rooms were
engaged for twelve months certain : and though I still found them dreary
of an evening, and the evenings long, I could settle down into a state of
equable low spirits, and resign myself to coffee ; which I seem, on looking
back, to have taken by the gallon at about this period of my existence.
At about this time, too, I made three discoveries : first, that Mrs. Crupp
was a martyr to a curious disorder called " the spazzums," which was
generally accompanied with inflammation of the nose, and required to be
constantly treated with peppermint ; secondly, that something peculiar in
the temperature of my pantry, made the brandy-bottles burst ; thirdly, that
I was alone in the world, and much given to record that circnmstance in
fragments of English versification.
    On the day when I was articled, no festivity took place, beyond my
having sandwiches and sherry into the office for the clerks, and going alone
to the theatre at night. I went to see " The Stranger " as a Doctors'
Commons sort of play, and was so dreadfully cut up, that I hardly knew
myself in my own glass when I got home. Mr. Spenlow remarked, on
this occasion, when we concluded our business, that he should have been
happy to have seen me at his house at Norwood to celebrate our becoming
connected, but for his domestic arrangements being in some disorder, on
account of the expected return of his daughter from finishing her educa-
tion at Paris. But, he intimated that when she came home he should
hope to have the pleasure of entertaining me. I knew that he was a
widower with one daughter, and expressed my acknowledgments.
    Mr. Spenlow was as good as his word. I n a week or two, he referred
to this engagement, and said, that if I would do him the favor to come
 down next Saturday, and stay till Monday, he would be extremely happy.
Of course I said I would do him the favor; and he was to drive me down
in his phaeton, and to bring me back.
    When the day arrived, my very carpet-bag was an object of veneration to
the stipendiary clerks, to whom the house at Norwood was a sacred mystery.
 One of them informed me that he had heard that Mr. Spenlow ate entirely
 off plate and china ; and another hinted at champagne being constantly on
 draught, after the usual custom of table beer. The old clerk with the
wig, whose name was Mr. Tiffey, had been down on business several
times in the course of his career, and had on each occasion penetrated to
the breakfast-parlor. He described it as an apartment of the most
sumptuous nature, and said that he had drunk brown East India sherry
there, of a quality so precious as to make a man wink.
    We had an adjourned cause in the Consistory that day-about excom-
municating a baker who had been objecting in a vestry to a paving-rate-
and as the evidence was just twice the length of Eobinson Crusoe, accord-
ing to a calculation I made, it was rather late in the day before we
finished. However, we got him excommunicated for six weeks, and
