  T H E T H E O R Y OF M U S I C A L C O M P O S I T I O N
           COMPLETELY DEVELOPED,
                    -                                                          -                       -A-




            Now ready, small 4t0, price 16s., Cloth Gilt, and Key 5s., uniform,

A PRACTICAL TREATISE ON MUSICAL COMPOSITION.
                            --                         ----*   -   ----            --      -
         LONDON-LONGMAN,                                       BROWN, GREEN, & LONGMANS.
                            ---                   --
                                              - ---        --4-




                   EXTRACTS F R O M O P I N I O N S O F T H E PRESS.

From Douglas Jerrold's Weekly New.?paper,16th Dec., 1848.                    knowledge of the subject i t professes t o teach. I t abounds
                                                                             in exercises which are worked out in a key, thus rendering
WE find from the preface of this work that it has been                       self-instruction easy, and greatly facilitating the labour of
written by two individuals; the one a German professor of                    the mastrr.       I t commences with scales and intervals
music the other a literary and, of course a musical gentle-                  develops the nature of chords, and gives copious precepts f d
man df this country: thudthe book has ali the advantages of                  their employment. Bhythmical and tonal structure arc fully
German erudition upon the subject, without the objections                    considered. I n fact, the instruction is carried upwards from
which more or less are the consequences of a translation.                    a simple exposition of the first principles of music to the
   T h e treatment of the subject commences with scales and                  construction of compositions requiring the most extensive
intervals; enters into a full consideration of the derivations,              vocal and instrumental combinations No partial selections
the nature and employment of chords i n harmonic com-                        from a work of this description would afford a just idea of its
binations; gives excellent precepts upon rhythmical and                      merits as a whole W e can, however, assert that, though
tonal structure; in short, carries the subject on t o the con-               strictly scientific and grammatical, it is well calculated, by its
struction of elaborate compositions, either instrumental, or                 simplicity and clearness, to lead the student to a full mastery
vocal. T o give an entire analysis of the manner in which                    of the science of music. The volume ends with a double
this has been done, would far exceed our limits, and any-            /       chorus, the words for which are from the pen of the author
thing less would convey no adequate idea of the book.                        of i'Rowland Bradshaw," a work of fiction which we had
Suffce it, that the whole has been treated with great care                   sometime ago, occasion to commend for the excellence of it;
It is copious, highly scientific, that is, perfectly simple,                 object, and the vigour of its style.
grammatical, and, we have n o hesitation i n saying, i t is one
of the most learned books ever written upon the art. I t is
heautifullv eot un. and. considerinn the imnortance of the
                                                                                                          --
subject, dff&ed a t a pride which shcws that tke authors were                           From the Weelcly Dispatch, 24th Dec, 1848.
sincere when they talked of music becoming a n "essential
part of national education." I t concludes with a double                       The author of this admirable elementary workis a German
 chorus, the words being furnished by the author of " Row-                   gentleman, who has had a long experience in the profession of
 land Bradshaw," who has evidently a talent for writing to                   music, and he has produced the best practical treatise on t h e
 music. The following may give some idea of the clearness                    theory of the art which has ever come under our notice. The
 of t h e style, although the whole work must of course be                   voluminous works previously issued from the schools of Italy,
 scientifically studied t o be duly appreciated.                             France, and Germany, are certainly too dSuse and specula-
                              -                                              tive for the general student ;and      Rohner has succeeded
                                                                             in his plan of conciseness, without omitting a single essential
                                                                             point.
        From the LUerary Gazette, lGth Dec., 1848.
   A concise, yet not too concise, and Pull practical expqsition
of the theory of music, has long, we believe, been cons~dered                            From the Court Journal, 30th Dec., 1848.
a desideratum by t h e musical world; and the diligence and
science of the author appear, a t last, t o have supplied the                   This work is chiefly intended for amateurs, who wish to
deficiency in a very satisfactory manner. T O assist the                     acquire a knowledge of composition ; and i t may be considered
teacher, and facilitate the studies of those whose genius has                as one of the best treatises of the kind that have appeared i n
t o be self-taught, are the objects he has endeavoured to ac-                our language. The author (a German) very modestly acknow-
complish, and, as far as this volume goes, we should say with                ledges his obligation to an English friend who has corrected
skill and success. The instructions and examples are very                    his work in the niceties of ourvernacular;ongue. but he may
clear ; and we would therefore cordially recommend the                       fairly take to himself the credit of having expoun6ed his intri-
work t o the music fezu'lle of all our melodious friends.                    cate and difficult subject with a degree of clearness and con-
                             -                                               cision that is not always found i n didactic treatises. The
                                                                             volume contains all that is necessary to facilitate the general
         From the Sunday Times, 17th Dee., 1848.                             student's acquisition of a knowledge of musical composition.
                                                                             Altogether this treatise fills up a gap that existed in musical
   Mr. RShner says, i n his preface, that, being a German,                   literature, and steers most happily between the dry brevity of
without the necessary knowledge of our language, he bas had                  a mere " hand-hook," and the learned diffuseness of the pon-
t o take t h e assistance of a gentleman of literary as well as              derous tomes indited by German, French, and Italian con-
musical attainments, by which means all that is known of                     trapuntists.
the art of music is conveyed to the English student divested
of that crudity and obscurity which too frequently belongs to                Key to the Exercises containedin Rii7mev's Practical Treatise
a translation The authors, in stating their reasons for pro-                                   on Mwsical Composition.
ducing this work, affirm t h e necessity of sound training i n the
theory as well as the practice of music and they predict that                  This short pamphlet is a necessary complement to the
the day i s not far distant when the 'acquirement of music                   "Practical Treatise." We here find a repetition of the
shall be an exercise of the mind, not a mere operation of the                examples given (in their incipient state) in the "Treatise,"
fingers; when i t shall rank as a n essential part of a national             with all the parts filled in, so as to enal&gt;le the student who
and liberal education, instead of being held at the cheap                    has no master to guide him to see whether he has whtten
value of a superficial accomplishment.          The book has                 his exercise correctly; or to serve the master as a book of re-
evidently been written with great care. and a thorough                   ,   ference, t o ascertain when and where the student is a t fault.
