and most useful for the purpose of preserving life from shipwreck ; but, imfortuuately, each and all require that
degree of preparation which in moments of frantic terror is never thought of. Their schemes areexcellent in their
way, but theyare not of universal application. No, the desideratum is to be found in some other means, simple,
natural, and forcible, and self-suggestive when once pointed out. W e believe it a t once apparent, in the invention
manufacture, or adaptation of a preparation of cork, called the Patent Stuffing-cork separated by Machine intd
shreds-fibre-applicable     to anything, everything, assuring safety in every article on board a ship, whose specific
gravity is lighter than water-to hammocks, bedding, cushions, bolsters. in the pockets of trousers in caps hats
vests, great coats. in bonnets ay and 'bustles'-even            a n umbrell; or parasol-ought to he'so filled as t;
possess in itself t h i means of & i n i t h e owner or possessor. I t has been tested by experiment, proved by high
authority ; and will, we are persuaded, be adopted ere long by Act of Parliament. Had any of the bedding, or
bolsters, cushions of boats or seats, of the ill-fated Avenger steam frigate been stuffed with this material, the
country would not have mourned the loss of 240 brave and gallant officers and seamen. had the furniture of the
Forth packet been fitted with this cork stuffing, a vast amount of agony of feeling w o n k have been spared. had
Her Majesty's ship Nufine been supplied with it, we are assured that not a single man of the orew would'have
perished,
     " I n a word, for defence in war, or for preservation of life in shipwreck-and, in fact. for a11 the purposes of
humanity, it has been invented and manufactured, and it must work its way."-United Service Gazette, loth
March, 1849.

     ADVANTAGES        OF THE PATENTCORKFIBRE         IN BoATING.-W~ copy from that portion of the columns of tho
Times devoted to the records of mortality, the following melancholy paragraph :-
      "Drowned on Saturday afternoon, caused by the upsetting of a boat on the River Lea a t Ugper CZapton,
                     M r . J . J.R
                                 -,      a%d Mr. T.6'. H,-       Students a t Bartholomew ~ o s i i t a l .
      " I t is precisely in the case of such sudden accidents as these that the cork fibre best displays its value. Had
the boat in which these unhappy young men took their recreation been provided with a seat supplied with the
cork fibre, therecan be no reasonable doubt that the parentsand friends of these young men would not now have
had to mourn their irreparable bereavement. I t is lessons of this sort which teach us the criminality of supineness
in not adopting immediate precautions against fatal accidents, which are a t the commandof every one. W e have
already bestowed some notice on one most important quality of cork, when applied to the purpose of saving life
a t sea. we now devote a few lines to the task of showing that cork may be made available on land if not for
saving7life,a t least for mitigating some of its petty tortures and annoyances. W e learn from very goodjuthority
good we say, because from the testimony of those who have in their own persons experienced the fact that in case;
of rheumatism, thin sheets of cork placed next the skin have an almost magical effect in procuring relief to the
sufferer. W e can easily understand how this should be so : cork not only shields the skin from these sudden
atmospheric changes, so dreaded by the afflicted, but it also excites a salutary action which is thus able to employ
its whole force in expelling the rheumatic pains. This is a matter, we think, well worthy of medico-scientific
investigation, and we shall be glad to find that some skilful and impartial mind has made this matter the subject
of study. We also understand that the cork fibre used for bedding, bolsters and pillows has sanatory properties
of a very high character. The miasmata arising from infectious disease is'not absorbedor retained by the cork
substances the same as in the case of the ordinary kinds of bedding, and this, therefore renders it most suitable
for all large buildings, where many indhiduals sleep under the same roof, such as hosp'itals, union workhouses
barracks, and police stations. There is another quality which must not be overlooked,-the cork fibre neithe;
sustains nor harbours insect life,-an invaluable piece of information t o those who desire undisturbed rest in the
dog days."-Raidway Gazetle,l7th March, 1849.

     THELOSS01"EMIGRANT        SHIPS.-"In calling the attentionof our readers to the loss-if not frequent, yet too
frequent-of passenger and emigrant ships, we are sensible of theinexpediency of alarming timid minds withia vivid
representation of dangen which must be encountered. If the contemplation of danger can do nothing in the way
of enabling us to evade it, it may then be well to close our eyes to its existence.
                                    "Twere well--we fhen had blithly lau.gh'd,
                                     TiZZgtclphingseas had whelmed us o'er :'-
but, the way to be prepared for danger, is to look it boldly in the face. W e have never chanced to sail or
steam it in a passenger vessel without occupying ourselves with asomewhat serious comparison of the number of
passengers on board, with the accommodation afforded by the boats in the event of amishap. Wehave frequently
heard remarks from fellow passengers, indicating that their thoughts were occupied with the same calculation.
Those unsightly things above the paddle-wheels of sea-going steamers, are in the nature of a tribute t o the public
apprehensiveness on this point, but though good so far as they go, they afford but a trifling a,mount of additional
security. EVERYPASSENGER VESSEL OUGHT TO CARRY THE MEANS OF KEEPING ITS WHOLE COMPLEMENT OF
PASSENGERS, TOGETHER WITH I T S CREW, ABOVE WATER FOR A TIME, IN CASE OF ACCIDENT.
     " The first and most obvious requisite would be, that every person should possess a t least so much knowledge
of the art of swimming as would enable him to sustain himself on the water for a short time, and would secure to
him presence of mind to avail himself of the facilities for safety which might be afforded.
     "Suppose then each passenger sufficiently collected to provide for himself, when the hour of danger arrives
then follows the duty of the owners of steam vessels to provide appliances for keeping those who so readily trusi
their lives in their hands, on the surface of the water,until succour may arrive. The avidity with which in those
awful hours everything that will float is seized upon, suggests at once the value of a provision of well-conceived
life-buoys. Every moveable in the ship should be invested with the greatest possible amount of sustaining power.
Much ingenuity has been applied t o this object, and not without considerable effect.
     &lt;'A Hackney Coach is licensed to carry four passengers. W e might consent to a tax upon steam-vessels to
ensure a similar adaptation of the number of passengers to the capacity of the vessel, attended with an efficiknt
inspection to ensure attention to the regulation. How easy it would be t o append to such a system a provision
that, for each passenger, according to the number for which the vessel was licensed, it should carry, SAY A CORK
FLOATING MATTRESS.       These mattresses from the ingenious manipulation which the cork undergoes form com-
fortable beds, andwould therefore cause Ao addition to the ordinary provision for the passengers'acco~modation,
and take no extra room for stowage.'-The Emigran,t, 31st March, 1849.




                                BRADBURY    AND   EYANq PRINTERS, WHITEBRIARS.
