106            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   " Clara Peggotty," I answered.
     "What name would it be as I should write up now, if there was a
 tilt here ? "
     " Clara Peggotty, again ? " I suggested.
     "Clara Peggotty BARKIS! " he returned, and burst into a roar of
laughter that shook the chaise.
    I n a word, they were married, and had gone into the church for no
 other purpose. Peggotty was resolved that it should be quietly done ; and
the clerk had given her away, and there had been no witnesses of the
ceremony. She was a little confused when Mr. Barkis made this abrupt
 announcement of their union, and could not hug me enough in token of
 her unimpaired affection; but she soon became herself again, and said she
 was very glad it was over.
    We drove to a little inn in a bye road, where we were expected, and
where we had a very comfortable dinner, and passed the day with great
satisfaction. If Peggotty had been married every day for the last ten
years, she could hardly have been more at her ease about it; it made no
sort of difference in her : she was just the same as ever, and went out for
a stroll with little Em'ly and me before tea, while Mr. Barkis philosophi-
cally smoked his pipe, and enjoyed himself, I suppose, with the contem-
plation of his happiness. If so, it sharpened his appetite; for I distinctly
call to mind that, although he had eaten a good deal of pork and greens at
 dinner, and had finished off with a fowl or two, he was obliged to have cold
boiled bacon for tea, and disposed of a large quantity without any emotion.
    I have often thought, since, what an odd, innocent, out-of-the-way kind
of wedding it must have been ! We got into the chaise again soon after
dark, and drove cosily back, looking up at the stars, and talking about
them. I was their chief exponent, and opened Mr. Barkis's mind to an
amazing extent. I told him all I knew, but he would have believed any-
thing I might have taken it into my head to impart to him; for he had
a profound veneration for my abilities, and informed his wife in my hear-
ing, on that very occasion, that I was " a young Roeshus "-by which I
think he meant, prodigy.
    When we had exhausted the subject of the stars, or rather when I had
exhausted the mental faculties of Mr. Barkis, little Em'ly and I made a
cloak of an old wrapper, and sat under it for the rest of the journey.
Ah, how I loved her ! What happiness (I thought) if we were married, and
were going away anywhere to live among the trees and in the fields, never
growing older, never growing wiser, children ever, rambling hand in hand
through sunshine and among flowery meadows, laying down our heads
on moss at night, in a sweet sleep of purity and peace, and buried by the
birds when we were dead ! Some such picture, with no real world in it,
bright with the light of our innocence, and vague as the stars afar off, was
in my mind all the way. I am glad to think there were two such guileless
hearts at Peggotty's marriage as little Em'ly's and mine. I am glad to think
the Loves and Graces took such airy forms in its homely procession.
    Well, we came to the old boat again in good time at night; and there
Mr. and Mrs. Barkis bade us good-bye, and drove away snugly to their
own home. I felt then, for the first time, that I had lost Peggotty. I
should have gone to bed with a sore heart indeed under any other roof but
that which sheltered little Em'ly's head.
