                         O F DATID COPPERFIELD.




                             CHAPTER LI.
                THE B E G I N N I N G O F h LONGER JOURNEY.

    ITwas yet early in the morning of the following day, when, as I was
 walking in my garden with my aunt (who took little other exercise
now, being so much in attendance on my dear Dora), I was told that
Mr. Peggotty desired to speak with me. H e came into the garden to
meet me half-way, on my going towards the gate; and bared his head, as
it was always his custom to do when he saw my aunt, for whom he had a
high respect. I had been telling her all that had happened over-night.
Without saying a word, she walked up with a cordial face, shook hands
with him, and patted him on the arm. I t was so expressively done, that
she had no need to say a word. Mr. Peggotty understood her quite as
well as if she had said a thousand.
    " I'll go in now, Trot," said my aunt, " and look after little Blossom,
who will be getting up presently."
    " Not along of my being heer, ma'am, I hope ? " said Mr. Peggotty.
" Unless my wits is gone a bahd's neezing "-by which Mr. Peggotty
meant to say,. bird's-nesting-"
                     ~ . .         this morning, 'tis along of me as yon 're
a going to quit n s ? "
   " You have something to say, my good friend," returned my aunt,

"and will do better without me."
   &lt;' By your leave, ma'am," returned Mr. Peggotty, " I should take it
kind, pervising you doen't mind my clicketten, if you'd bide heer."
   " Would you? " said my aunt, with short good-nature.        " Then I am

sure I will ! "
   So, she drew her arm through Mr. Peggotty's, and walked with him to
a leafy little summer-house there was at the bottom of the garden, where
she sat down on a bench, and I beside her. There was a seat for
Mr. Peggotty too, but he preferred to stand, leaning his hand on the
small rustic table. As he stood, looking at his cap for a little while before
beginning to speak, I conld not help observing what power and force
of character his sinewy hand expressed, and what a good and trusty
companion it was to his honest brow and iron-grey hair.
   " I took my dear child away last night," Mr. Peggotty began, as he
raised his eyes to ours, "to my lodging, wheer I have a long time been
expecting of her and preparing fur her. I t was hours afore she knowed
me right ; and when she did, she kneeled down at my feet, and kiender
said to me, as if it was her prayers, how it all come to be. You may
believe me, when I heerd her voice, as I had heerd at liome so playful-
and see her hanibled, as it might be in the dust our Saviour wrote in
with his blessed hand-I felt a wownd go to my 'art, in the midst of all
its thankfulness."
   He drew his sleeve across his face, without any pretence of concealing
why; and then cleared his voice.
   " I t warn't for long as I felt that; for she was found.    I had on'y to
                                                              L L
