                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                            CHAPTER XIX.
             I LOOK ABOUT ME, A N D MAKE A DISCOVERY.

    I A M doubtful whether I was at heart glad or sorry, when my school-
 days drew to an end, and the time came for my leaving Doctor Strong's.
 I had been very happy there, I had a great attachment for the Doctor, and
 I was eminent and distinguished in that little world. For these reasons
 I was sorry to go ; but for other reasons, unsubstantial enough, I was
 glad. Misty ideas of being a young man at my own disposal, of the
importance attaching to a young man at his own disposal, of the wonder-
ful things to be seen and done by that magnificent animal, and the
wonderful effects he could not fail to make upon society, lured me away.
 So powerful were these visionary considerations in my boyish mind, that I
seem, according to my present way of thinking, to have left school without
natural regret. The separation has not made the impression on me, that
other separations have. I try in vain to recal how I felt about it, and what
its circumstances were ; but it is not momentous in my recollection. I sup-
pose the opening prospect confused me. I know that my juvenile experiences
went for little or nothing then; and that life was more like a great fairy
story, which I was just about to begin to read, than anything else.
    My aunt and I had held many grave deliberations on the calling to
which I should be devoted. For a year or more I had endeavoured to find
a satisfactory answer to her often-repeated question, "What I would like
to be ?" But I had no particular liking, that I could discover, for anything.
I f I could have been inspired with a knowledge of the science of navigation,
taken the command of a fast-sailing expedition, and gone round the world
on a triumphant voyage of discovery, I think I might have considered myself
completely suited. But, in the absence of any such miraculous provision,
my desire was to apply myself to some pursuit that would not lie too
heavily upon her purse ; and to do my duty in it, whatever it might be.
    Mr. Dick had regularly assisted at our councils, with a meditative and
sage demeanour. He never made a suggestion but once; and on that
occasion (I don't know what put it in his head), he suddenly proposed
that I should be " a Brazier." My aunt received this proposal so very
ungraciously, that he never ventured on a second; but ever afterwards
confined himself to looking watchfully at her for her suggestions, and
rattling his money.
    "Trot, I tell you what, my dear," said my aunt, one morning in the
Christmas season when I left school; "as this knotty point is still unset-
tled, and as we must not make a mistake in our decision if we can help it,
I think we had better take a little breathing-time. I n the meanwhile, you
must try to look at it from a new point of view, and not as a schoolboy."
    " I will, aunt."
    " I t has occurred to me," pursued my aunt, " that a little change, and a
glimpse of life out of doors, may be useful, in helping you to know your
                                                                0
