                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           347
  double wound, by reason of the circumstances attending it. I knew how
  quick she always was to divine the truth, and that she would never be
  the first to breathe his name.
     To this letter, I received an answer by return of post. As I read it, I
  seemed to hear Agnes speaking to me. I t was like her cordial voice in
  my ears. What can I say more !
     While I had been away from home lately, Traddles had called twice or
  thrice. Finding Peggotty within, and being informed by Peggotty (who
  always volunteered that information to whomsoever would receive it),
  that she was my old nurse, he had established a good-humoured acquaint-
  ance with her, and had stayed to have a little chat with her about me. So
  Peggotty said; but I am afraid the chat was all on her own side, and of
  immoderate length, as she was very difficult indeed to stop, God bless her!
  when she had me for her theme.
     This reminds me, not only that I expected Traddles on a certain after-
 noon of his own appointing, which was now come, but that Mrs. Crupp
 had resigned everything appertaining to her office (the salary excepted) until
 Peggotty should cease to present herself. Mrs. Crupp, after holding
 divers conversations respecting Peggotty, in a very high pitched voice, on
 the staircase-with some invisible Familiar it would appear, for corporeally
 speaking she was quite alone at those times-addressed a letter to me,
 developing her views. Beginning it with that statement of universal applica-
 tion, which fitted every occurrence of her life, namely, that she was a mother
 herself, she went on to inform me that she had once seen very different
 days, but that at all periods of her existence she had had a constitutional
 objection to spies, intruders, and informers. She named no names, she
 said ; let them the cap fitted, wear it ; but spies, intruders, and informers,
 especially in widders' weeds (this clause was underlined), she had ever
 accustomed herself to look down upon. If a gentleman was the victim
of spies, intruders, and informers (but still naming no names), that was his
own pleasure. He had a right to please himself; so let him do. All
that she, Mrs. Crupp, stipulated for, was, that she should not be " brought
in contract" with such persons. Therefore she begged to be excused
from any further attendance on the top set, until things was as they
formerly was, and as they could be wished to be; and further mentioned
that her little book would be found upon the breakfast-table every Satur-
day morning, when she requested an immediate settlement of the same,
with the benevolent view of saving trouble, " and an ill-conwenience " tc
all parties.
    After this, Mrs. Crupp confined herself to making pitfalls on the stairs,
principally with pitchers, and endeavouring to delude Peggotty into break-
ing her legs. I found it rather harassing to live in this state of siege,
but was too much afraid of Mrs. Crupp to see any way out of it.
    "My dear Copperfield," cried Traddles, punctually appearing at my
door, in spite of all these obstacles, "how do you do?"
    " My dear Traddles," said I, " I am delighted to see you at last, and
very sorry I have not been at home before. But I have been so much
engaged -"
    " Yes, yes, I know," said Traddles, " of course. Your's lives in London,
I think."
