                           CRITICAL NOTICES

  FRANK FAIRLEGH.
     THE following unsolicited Testimonials to the merit of this popular work
have been selected at random from a much larger number in the hands of the
publishers.   They preclude the necessity of any further recommendation,
emanating as they do from such varied and independent sources, that they may
be fairly presumed to represent the unbought opinions of a large number of
readers of every class, and in all parts of the kingdom.
              BELL'S L I F E I N LONDON.                                                 DURHAM CHRONICLE.
   " F R A N KFAIRLEGH.-This serial is steadily moving
 towards a satisfactory conclusion. If not so spirit-
stirrine as some of iticompetitors, it is as well written
                                                                    /
                                                                    I
                                                                           " For some time we have not read a story of such
                                                                         unflagging interest, and we shall shortly take an oppor-
                                                                         tunity of laying before our readers the plot whicii, en
as any-of them, and has taken a fixed and firm hold of                  passant, is immeasurably superlor to themuch-lauded
its many readers by its unassuming truthfulness. I t s                   David Copperfield. Cruikshank's illustrations are ca-
fame is very likely to be more durable than that of the                 pital."
maioritv
   , , of works of the kind."                                                              POOLE HERALD.
              CHELTENHAM JOURNAL.                                          "We find we are a little in arrear with this excellent
   "The interest of this tale is still keptup, and thework              periodical tale, having three numbers to notice. The
promises to equal any of the author's previous produc-                  farther we proceed, the more interest we feel in the
tions. The different characters are delineated with a                   adventures of our hero and his friends. I t is a book
faithfulness seldom surpassed, while the facts and inci-                that one need not fear to place in the hands even of
dents which make up the story are tellingand impressive                 children, the languagebeing good, and free fromall those
in the highest degree."                                                 slang expressions which are now-a-days to be found in
                   YORK HERALD.                                         the works of many authors. Nought in it will be found
           is one of the best stories of its kind we ever               to offend the moat sensitive, and from every chapter
remember to have read. True to the life, and abounding                          good       may be drawn'"
with wit, there is no wonder that i t has already secured                                GLASGOW EXAMINER.
a large share of public patronage."                                        " The author of Fairlegh discovers considerable know-
                READING MERCURY.                                        ledge of human nature, and the characters introduced
   " The truthful and exciting sketches of the abuses                   are true to life."
tolerated in our Seminaries, both public and private,                                      YORKSHIREMAN.
:n;ig' : f~~\toe~~~~fc~h~~&lt;,"e~e",:,"r~~i~      g",t:iEkL;
state of genteel education : this work will act as a mirror
                                                                           " We recommend this serial to our readers. I t is
                                                                        Superior to its
both to heads of seminaries and heads of families."                                     K E N T I S H OBSERVER.
                 PLYMOUTH HERALD.                                          "This tale has many good points, and is highly
   "This interesting tale progresses in interest, and its               amusing. The engravings are highly graphic."
hero rises in our estimation. The writer is evidently a
man of talent, and his periodical cannot fail of being read                           LIVERPOOL CHRONICLE.
with satisfaction."                                                        "This is intended toportray the life and adventuresof
                W E S T E R N LUMINARY.                                 a school-boy. Many of the scenes are very rich i n their
     ~h~ interest of tllis ,vell.written, skilfully worked              way' and as a whole the work may be pronounced very
out, and entertaining series of scenes from the life of a                       and interesting."
private pupil, is very well kept up, and the illustrations                                BRISTOL MERCURY.
of the number, by George Cruikshank, are capital "                         " A work which has already gained considerable favour
              B E R K S H I R E CHRONICLE.                              a t the hands of the public. The incidents are natural,
   " The third part of this highly entertaining tale has                and well told, and the work is illustrated by George
just been issued. I t is undoubtedly one of the best and                Cruikshank."
most spirited of therecent serials, and enjoys an immense                                CHESTER COURANT.
popularity. The plates of Cruikshank are admirable."
                                                                           " FRANK FAIRLEGH.-A            good and amusing tale,
                SOMERSET GAZETTE.                                       and as it professes to introduce us to ' Scenes from the
   ,,There is no reason to                 of any want of               Life of a Private Pupil,' there will be plenty of scope for
vivacity in this serial publication, Theauthor has made                 diverting a s well as serious narrative, with appropriate
         well qualified for the task, and excites mirth by              reflections.   I t is admirably illustrated by George
the recital of some curious                   If           of our       Cru'kshank'"
 readers wish to read a very enterta~ningand laughter-
provoking story we cannot do better than suggest a                                        E X E T E R GAZETTE.
perusal of F ~ A NFAIRLEGH.
                       K            Want of space prevents                 . ' ~ ishno~writer~ of ~ fiction      s i r l ~ ~scott,
                                                                                                                                l t   ~   ~
our giving an extract we had marked for insertion.                      who has SO well deserved popularity as the author of
Cruikshank's illustrations are exceedingly good.                        this story. There is none of the elaborate penny-a-
                PLYMOUTH JOURNAL.                                       lining of Dickens, the straining for jokes of Albert
   " W e have so often spoken in its praise, that we need               Smith or the outrE situations of Angelo Titmarsh, but
scarcely say more on the present occasion, than wish the                a nar;ative that wins from its easy truthfulness, and ex-
re-issue all the success i t deserves. T h e illustrations by           cites the most pleasurable sensations from its rich raci-
 George Cruikshank are worthy af the book in every                      ness; while there is an under-current of sound morality
respect, and well worthy of ' Phiz.'"                                   which commends i t to the virtuous."


                             The work is now complete in One Volume,
     WITB 30 ENGRAVINGS B P CPCUIKSHANK,
Handsomely bound in cloth, price Sixteen Shillings, or it may be still had in
                     Fifteen Parts at One Shilling.

          LONDON: ARTHUR HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 2.5, PATERNOSTER ROW.
                                                                47
