26                                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.
---                    -                               -      --             --        --
                                                                                       -
                                                                                            - -
                                                                                            -PA
                                                                                                  ----
                                                                                                     - -    --
                                                                                                                 A




                   NUMBER ONE, ST. PAUL'S CHURCHYARD, LONDON.

           D A K I N ' S ROYAL PATENT COFFEE,
                           ROASTED I N SILVER CYLINDERS.
 DAKIN & COMPY., being Patentees of the invention and machinery for Roasting Coffee in Silver, whereby
 t h e action of the pyroligneous and other vegetable acids upon a n iron cylinder, and t h e consequent reaction of
t h e acetates of iron upon the Coffee are prevented, and being also Patentees of t h e apparatus for preserving
 Coffee during the roasting from t h e sulphurous and noxious vapours of the fire have learned with much
 regret, that it is t h e intention of t h e principals of some establishments t o pack ;nd sell their i~on-roasted
 Coffee in glass bottles on a similar principle t o that adopted by Dakin and Compy, for t h e supplying of thelr
 ROYAL PATENT COFFEE ROASTED in SILVER CYLINDERS. Dakin and Compy, respectfully beg,the
 attention of the Public t o t h e fact that their name and the contents of t h e bottles supplied by them are ralsed
o n t h e glass, and that the bottles are corked down air-tight and sealed with the Royal Arms, in addition to
which are raised on the seal the words "Dakin's Royal Patent Coffee," and t h e price of t h e whole-namely,
thecoffee and bottle, a s
                                   "2s. 6d."        " 3s."     " 3s. 6d."       " 4s."
    The prices of t h e magnum bottles, containing two pounds of "Dakin's Royal Patent Coffee " are 2s.6d.9 3s.
3s. 6d., or 4s. each, and of the one-pound bottles, IS.4d., 1s. ad.. o r 2s. each, according to quality.
    A Prospectus, fully detailing the nature and particulars of the invention, may be had, o r will be forwarded
gratis o n application t o Dakin and Compy., or t o any of their agents.
                          DAKIN & COMPY., Patentees,
                     Number One, St. Paul's Churchyard, London.
 T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
  The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything yet
produced, that the Manufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and the
Connoisseur, that one may he convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, a t the establishment of the
Sole Inventor, F. Browne, 47, FENCHURCH-ST.
     F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE O F MEASURING T H E HEAD.
  Round the head in the manner of a fillet, leavingi As dotted       Inches. Eighths.
the Ears loose .......................
                                     ....... ............... 1 to 1.
                                                                   -I
  From the Forehead over to the poll, as
way as required ...............................................         2 to 2.

  From one Temple to the other, across
Crown of the head to where the Hair grows ............

-             THE CHARGE FOR THIS UNIQUE HEAD O F HAIR ONLY 3 1 10s.
                                                                                  --                             -
     ILITHOCRAPHIC8rENCKAVINC ESTABLISHMENT
             NOT 80, BISHOPSGA'rE ST W'ITHIN LONDON.
      IRAWINCS,MAPS,PtANS.FF SIMILES,WRITINCS LABELS MANUFACTURERS PATTERN$&&,
         OFEVERY DESCRIPTION IN THEFIRSTSTYLE WITH ECONOMY& EXPEDITION,

     STRAKERJS      NEW & 1                   IED SIDE & U. ...... T LEVER I
                                                  ...
         which for every character of work stands unrivalled; in sizes from 15 by 20 inches upwards.
                               I M P O R T E R O F LITHO6lRAPIIIC STONES
           The most extensive Stocks of which are constantly on hand and at the lowe& carrent rates.
                                               DETAILED P R I C E LISTS
     Of Presses, and every Material and Instrument in the art, together with Designs, forwarded on application.
                     Instruction in the Art afforded to Amateurs and Public Institutions.
 -                                                                                                         --
BEAUTY.-The                          thorn that veils the primrose from oar view is not more invi-
       dious in Nature than superfluous Hair o n the Face, Neck and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE
POWDER is the most certain and elegant preparation for iis ren~oval-the genuine is perfectly innocent,
i s easy and pleasant t o use, and has been signed " G. H. NOGARD" for t h e last 40 years. Sold f o r t h e pro.
Prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street, Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, in
packets, price 48. Double ditto, 7s., o r b y post, free for 50 o r 88 Postage stamps.
