 250            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  near the fire-escape--and consisted of a little half-blind entry where you
  could see hardly anything, a little stone-blind pantry where you could see
  nothing at all, a sitting-room, and a bed-room. The furniture was rather
  faded, but quite good enough for me; and, sure enough, the river was
 outside the windows.
    As I was delighted with the place, my aunt and Mrs. Crupp withdrew
 into the pantry to discuss the terms, while I remained on the sitting-
 room sofa, hardly daring to think it possible that I could be destined to
live in such a noble residence. After a single combat of some duration
they returned, and I saw, to my joy, both in Mrs. Crupp's countenance
 and in my aunt's, that the deed was done.
    " Is it the last occupant's furniture? " inquired my aunt.
    " Yes it is, ma'am," said Mrs. Crupp.

    " What's become of him? " asked my aunt.

    Mrs. Crupp was taken with a troublesome cough, in the midst of which
she articulated with much difficulty. " He was took ill here, ma'am, and
-ugh ! ugh ! ugh ! dear me !-and he died."
    " Hey ! What did he die of? " asked my aunt.
    " Well, ma'am, he died of drink," said Mrs. Crupp in confidence. "And

smoke."
    " Smoke? You don't mean chimneys ? " said my aunt.

    " No, ma'am," returned Mrs. Crupp. " Cigars and pipes."
    " That's not catching, Trot, at any rate," remarked my aunt, turning
to me.
    " No, indeed," said I.
    I n short, my aunt, seeing how enraptured I was with the premises, took
 them for a month, with leave to remain for twelve months when that time
was out. Mrs. Crupp was to find linen, and to cook ;every other neces-
sary was already provided ; and Mrs. Crupp expressly intimated that she
should always yearn towards me as a son. I was to take possession the
day after to-morrow, and Mrs. Crupp said thank Heaven she had now
found summun she could care for !
    On our way back, my aunt informed me how she confidently trusted
that the life I was now to lead would make me firm and self-reliant,
which was all I wanted. She repeated this several times next day, in the
intervals of our arranging for the transmission of my clothes and books
from Mr.Wickfield's; relative to which, and to all my late holiday, I wrote
a long letter to Agnes, of which my aunt took charge, as she was to
leave on the succeeding day. Not to lengthen these particulars, I need
only add, that she made a handsome provision for all my possible wants
during my month of trial ; that Steerforth, to my great disappointment
and hers too, did not make his appearance before she went away ; that I
saw her safely seated in the Dover coach, exulting in the coming discom-
fiture of the vagrant donkeys, with Janet at her side; and that when
the coach was gone, I turned my face to the Adelphi, pondering on the
old days when I used to roam about its subterranean arches, and on the
happy changes which had brought me to the surface.
