                                                                       No. 1V.-AUGUST, 1849.

      COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
           THE LITERARY GAZETTE,
                         ESTABLXSNED 1817; ENLARGED 1846.

    PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY AT THE LITERARY GAZETTE OFFICE,

                                300, STRAND, LONDON.
    Price Foarpence; Stamped, Fivepence, to go free by Post,
          AND I N TIME FOR TRANSMISSION TO ALL PARTS O F THE COUNTRY BY THE EARLY
                            TRAISS OR MORNING MAILS O F THE S A M E DAY.


                (Montl~lyPayts, coataining Four or ,?he     1Vu.nobers, Is. 4d. or Is. 8d.)
                                                               ---      .
   So long held in high public estimation, the LITERARY     GAZETTE   contillues to afford a
 complete view and record of the National Literature, Science, and the Fine Arts, with the
 addition of Foreign Intelligence on the same subjects from every part of the Civilised
 World. I t has, also, of late, made liberal improvements in the various branches which its
plan has embraced. I n every department of Literature peculiar to Learned Research,
Medical Practice, Philosophy, important Works in Foreign Languages, &c. &c., in addition
to Publications of more general character :-in Science, Voyages, Travels, History, Poetry,
the Fine Arts, Dramatic and Musical Criticism, Gentlemen of ability and experience in
these matters have been incorporated with the regular staff of the JOURNAL        OF BELLES
LETTRES,  and under the same Editorial supervision which has, from 1817, sustained its
Reputation and Influence, and i t is consequently hoped that increased energy and talent
will be manifest throughout the whole, and a Weekly Sheet acknowledged which may justly
challenge comparison with the greatest and best of Periodical Publications.
   During the current year, the most interesting Papers on the Earliest Records of the
Human Race, Philological investigations of the highest importance, and Antiquarian
discoveries and proceedings at home and abroad, have formed a very prominent feature in
nearly every Weekly Number.
   Of these, and all other Literary matters, this Journal is, in fact, the only comprehensive
Exponent in the Periodical Press; and Members of Literary and Scientific Societies, as
well as intelligent readers of every class, who reside in remote parts, may through its
columns be promptly made acquainted with everything that is done or heard of at Head
Quarters. For rising families i t is peculiarly adapted, as i t conveys instruction of every
practical and intellectual kind, mingled with the more amusing literature which is calculated
to attract and interest youthfulminds, till they are filled with the information and knowledge
of the passing time.
                                      --
  May be ordered of any Bookseller or Newsman in Town or Country, or at tlie LITERARY     GAZETTE
Publishing and Advertising Office, No. 300, Strand, London ; where also the yearly subscription of
21s. ad., or, half-yearly, 10s. 10d. may be paid, by Post-Office Order or Town reference, and the
LITERARY  GAZETTE,    stamped for the Country or Colonies, will be regularly forwarded by post; or, if in
Alonthly Parts, at 17s. 4d. per annum, with the monthly periodicals.
