                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                         3

                              Now ready, price         3d.; Stamped, 4d,,

PUNCH'S ALMANACK FOR isso.            PROFUSELY ILLUSTRATED

               BY JOHN LEECH                          AND       RICHARD DOYLE.

                              PUNCH'S ALMANACKS
For the Eight preceding Years have been collected,and are published in a handsome volume, price 2s.

                                     Price    2s. 6d.,   roan, gilt edges,


Punch's Pocket-Book for I 8 q 0.                                                                            J
                          W I T H A COLOURED FRONTISPIECE ON STEEL,
                                         AND MANY OTHER ILLUSTRATIONS,

            BY JOHN
                  LEECH,RICHARD
                              DOYLE,A N D H. K. BROWNE.

                    WORKS BY MR. GILBERT A. A'BECKETT.
THE COMIC BLACKSTONE. Illustrated by GEORGECRUIKSHANK.Price 58.
THE QUIZZIOLOGY OF THE BRITISH DRAMA. Illustrated by
         LEECH. Price 2s.
      JOHN
THE ALMANACK OF THE MONTH.                                                  Illustrated by RICHARDDOYLE.
      Two vols. Price 7s.


                      WORKS BY MR. DOUGLAS JERROLD.
A MAN MADE OF MONEY. Illustrated by JOHN
                                       LEECH.post SYO.                                               Price 79. cloth.
MRS. CAUDLE'S CURTAIN LECTURES, as Suffered by                                                      the late JOB
      CAUDLE.         Illustrated by JOHNLEECH.Price 2s. 6 L
PUNCH'S COMPLETE LETTER-WRITER.                                               ~llustratedby KENNY
                                                                                                MEADOWS.
      Price 2s. 6d.
PUNCH'S LETTERS TO HIS SON. Illustrated by KENNYMEADOWS.Price 59.
THE STORY OF A FEATHER. Illustratedby JOHNLEECH. Price 5s.
DOUGLAS JERROLD'S SHILLING MAGAZINE. Complete in Seven
     Yolumes, bound in cloth, price £2 9s.
                           *,a Any Volume or Number may be had separately.

TIME WORICS WONDERS.                                A Comedy in Five Acts, as performed at the Theatre
     Royal, Haymarket. fifth Edition. 1s.
BUBBLES OF THE DAY.                             A Comedy in Five Acts, as performed at the Theatre
     Royal, Covent Garden.       1s.
                                   PUNCH OFFICE, 85, F L E E T STREET.


     WORKS BY M R . W. M. THACKERAY.
PENDENNIS : HIS FORTUNES           HIS FRIENDS
                     AND MISFORTUNES,       AND GREATEST
                                                       ENEMY.
      In course of publication in Shilling Numbers.    Volume I., price 13s. cloth, is now ready.
VANITY FAIR.                  Illustrated with Forty Steel Engravings and numerous Woodcuts by
      the Author.     I n one large volume, avo, price 21s. cloth, or 24s. 6d. half-bound morocco.
THE BOOK OF SNOBS.                            A Selection of Amusing Papers for the first time collected
      into a Volume, containing upwards of Sixty Illustrations by the Author.      I n small Svo, price 2s. 6d.

                           BRADBURY AND EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.
