                     THE STANDARD OF FREEDOM,
     T H E ADVOCATE OF POLITI:$nL4mEMMERCIAL,                                AND RELIGIOUS
OF Political Freedom, including adequate Representation, Retrench.
                                              U L D n f i l I


        ment and Equitable Taxation. Such an enlargement of the ElectiveFranchise as will secure a
real and dkect representation of the wants and wishes of the people.             Such Retrenchments
as are dictated by a wise economy, and which are im eriously called for in consequence of the
growing rapacity the reekless expenditure of the ruling Pew. Such modes of taxation as may cause
the necessary buidens of the State to be properly distributed; bearing with the greatest weight upon
those who are best able to sustain i t . such as shall cause the revenues of the State t o be collected
on principles of equity, and disburskd on principles of economy.
  Of Corimmcial Freedom, including the destruction of prohibition, restriction, and monopoly,
and the establishmentof those principles comprised in the words FREE-TRADE,      which will effectually
secure the prosperity alike of the middle and manufacturing classes and of the working multitudes
in all parts of the kingdom.
  Of Religious Freedom; including freedom from the hnmiliation of State interference, the de-
gradation of State patronage, and the injury t o "pure and undefiled religion" of State imposts and
exactions.
                          TEE STANDARD OF FREEDOM,
                 AN INTELLIGENCER, FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC.
   For Foreign Intelligence this Journal is not to be surpassed. By means of Bpeoial Correspondents,
and the sources of other pr:vate and public information i t is able to present faithful and ~ m p a r t i a l
statements of the sentiments and opinions of the keople of various Governments, as well as of
the actual movements of diplomatic bodies, and of all the stirring and important occurrences on t h e
Continent,in the east, andthe Grqat Western World.
   I t s Domestic Intelligence 1s der~vedfrom suthentic source- from communications daily received
from accredited agents in all parts of the United Kingdom ;'Chose portions being carefully selected
which are of general interest and paramount importance.
                           THE STANDARD OF FREEDOM,
                 A JOURNAL OF PHILANTHROPY AND MORALS.
   England abounds with Institutions intended to remedy the various evils incident to human nature;
and i t will be found that the Conductors of this Journal sympathize with, and are anxious to en-
courage all the efforts which are now made, whether to advance education-to abate the rigours
of the pirial code-to abolish death punishment-to promote the great Temperance movement-to estab-
                                        -
lish peace and universal brotherhood t o diminish pauperism, juvenile delinquency, and general
crime-or to maintain and perpetuate the practice and enjoyment of religious truth.
                          THE STANDARD OF FREEDOM,
AN ACKNOWLEDGED AUTHORITY ON ,THE SUBJECT, OF EMIGRATION.
  As a cons~derablep o r t ~ o nof the population of the U n ~ t e dK~ngdomdeem it expedient to leave their
native soil and to seek a home elsewhere, tile condactors of this Journal have been anxious t o
furnish sdund and practical information on all points essential to successful Emigration. The
most suitable fields for Emigration, the persons who should Emigrate the probable cost and advan-
tages of Emigration the testimonies of those who have established themselves i n foreign Colonies.
and every particula; necessary to guide theintending Emigrant-on all such matters the STANDARD
OF FREEDOM has long been, and continues to be, from week to week, an intelligent and accredited
informant. Communications on this important social question, and well-authenticated facts connected
with it, nillalways receive prompt attention.
                           THE STANDARD OF FREEDOM,
           AN INTERESTING AND INSTRUCTIVE FAMILY PAPER.
  I n this department the Conductors aim to blend the useful with the entertaining. Domestic
Economy-the state of the Provision-markets-Agriculture-Trade       and Commerce-Manufactures
-Art and Science-Literature, including valuable extracts from recent publications ; with notice;
of every movement, of every invention, likely to advance social progress ;will be found from week
to week in the columns of this Journal.
                           THE STANDARD OF FREEDOM,
            PRE-EMINENTLY A NEWSPAPER. FOR T H E PEOPLE,
Entirely devoted to their interest, and aimmg In every posslble way t o promote them social, political,
and moral elevation.
   Such are the objects for which the STANDARD O F FREEDOM was commenced two years ago.
No pains or expenditure have been spared t o place i t on a scale of efficiencyequal to any Weekly
Newspaper of the day. Gentlemen of the first literary talent and reputation, and of tried politjcal
sagacity,-aware    alike of the evils which press upon the community, and of the most appropr~ate
remedies -have been secured for each department; andalarge capital and t h e power of a large con-
nection have been put in operation for making it extensively known. The result has folly jns-
tified the hopes and the exertions of the Proprietor; and being resolved to persevere in t h e course
hitherto pursued, availing himself of all the aids increased experience may afford, he respectfully
                                                  -
claims for the STANDARD OF FREEDOM the oontinued and increased support of all the friends
of Progress and of Mank~nd.
                                 THE STANDARD OF FREEDOM
I s published every SATURDAY MORNING, by JOHN CASSELL, a t 335, Strand, London, price 5d..
o r 5s. 5d. per Quarter, paid i n advance. The Largest Paper allowed by law.
   A COUNTRY    EDITIONis published on F r i d a y Evening, for delivery in the Provinces early on
Saturday Morning. A T o w a EDITION is published on Saiurday Morning, in time,also for the
morning Mails; and a THIRD EDITIONis issued a t three o'clock, containing the latest mtell~gence,
foreign and domeatie, down t o the hour of going t o press. Order of any Bookseller in Town or
Country.
