                         OP DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             431
mustn't be put upon, as a numble person, too much. I can't allow
people in my way. Really they must come out of the cart, Master
Copperfield ! "
    " I don't understand you," said I.
    "Don't you, though?" he returned, with one of his jerks. " I ' m
astonished at that, Master Copperfield, you being usually so quick ! 1 I'll
try to be plainer, another time.-Is that Mr. Maldon a-norseback, ringing
at the gate, sir?"
    " I t looks like him," I replied, as carelessly as I could.

   Uriah stopped short, put his hands between his great knobs of knees,
and doubled himself up with laughter. With perfectly silent laughter.
Not a sound escaped from him. I was so repelled by his odious beha-
viour, particularly by this concluding instance, that I turned away without
any ceremony; and left him doubled up in the middle of the garden, like
a scarecrow in want of support.
    I t was not on that evening; but, as I well remember, on the next
evening but one, which was a Saturday; that I took Agnes to see Dora.
I had arranged the visit, beforehand, with Miss Lavinia; and Agnes was
 expected to tea.
    I was in a flutter of pride and anxiety ; pride in my dear little betrothed,
 and anxiety that Agnes should like her. All the way to Putney, Agnes
being inside the stage-coach, and I outside, I pictured Dora to myself in
every one of the pretty looks I knew so well; now making up my mind
that I should like her to look exactly as she looked at such a time, and
then doubting whether I should not prefer her looking as she looked at
such another time ; and almost worrying myself into a fever about it.
   I was troubled by no doubt of her being very pretty, in any case; but
it fell out that I had never seen her look so well. She was not in the
drawing-room when I presented Agnes to her little aunts, but was shyly
keeping out of the way. I knew where to look for her, now; and sure
enough I found her stopping her ears again, behind the same dull old
door.
   ,4t first she wouldn't come at all ; and then she pleaded for five minutes
by my watch. When at length she pui, her arm through mine, to be taken
to the drawing-room, her charming little face was flushed, and had never
been so pretty. But, when we went into the room, and it turned pale, she
was ten thousand times prettier j7et.
   Dora was afraid of Agnes. She had told me that she knew Agnes was
"too clever." But when she saw her looking at once so cheerful and so
earnest, and so thoughtful, and so good, she gave a faint little cry of
pleased surprise, and just put her affectionate arms round Agnes's neck,
and laid her innocent cheek against her face.
   I never was so happy. 1never was so pleased as when I saw those two
sit down together, side by side. As when I saw my little darling looking
up so naturally to those cordial eyes. As when I saw the tender, beautiful
regard which Agnes cast upon her.
   Miss Lavinia and Miss Clarissa partook, in their way, of my joy. It
was the pleasantest tea-table in the world. Miss Clarissa presided. I cut
and handed the sweet seed-cake-the little sisters had a bird-like fondness
for picking up seeds and pecking at sugar ; Niss Lavinia looked on with
