                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   " Just  SO," returned Mrs. Micawber. "Then my question arises.
Now, are the circumstances of the country such, that a man of Mr.
Micawber's abilities would have a fair chance of rising in the social scale?
I will not say, at present, might he aspire to be Governor, or anything of
that sort; but would there be a reasonable opening for his talents to
develop themselves-that, would be amply sufficient-and find their own
expansion ? "
   " No better opening anywhere," said my aunt, "for a man who conducts

himself well, and is industrious."
   "For a man who conducts himself well," repeated Mrs. Xcawber, with
her clearest business manner, "and is industrious. Precisely. I t is evident
to me that Australia is the legitimate sphere of action for Mr. Micawber ! "
   " I entertain the conviction, my dear madam," said Mr. Micawber,
"that it is, under existing circumstances, the land, the only land, for
myself and family; and that something of an extraordinary nature will
turn up on that shore. I t is no distance-comparatively speaking; and
though consideration is due to the kindness of your proposal, I assure
you that is a mere matter of form."
   Shall I ever forget how, in a moment, he was the most sanguine of
men, looking on to fortune ; or how Mrs. Micawber presently discoursed
about the habits of the kangaroo! Shall I ever recall that street of
Canterbury on a market day, without recalling him, as he walked back
with us; expressing, in the hardy roving manner he assumed, the un-
settled habits of a temporary sojonrner in the land; and looking at the
bullocks, as they came by, with the eye of an Australian farmer !


                            CHAPTER LIII.
                          ANOTHER RETROSPECT.
  I ncus~pause yet once again. 0, my child-wife, there is a figure in
the moving crowd before my memory, quiet and still, saying in its innocent
love and childish beauty, Stop to think of me-turn to look upon the little
blossom, as it flutters to the ground !
   I do. All else grows dim, and fades away. I am again with Dora, in our
cottage. I do not know how long she has been ill. I am so used to it
in feeling, that I cannot count the time. I t is not really long, in weeks or
months ; but, in my usage and experience, it is a weary, weary while.
   They have left off tell~ngme to "wait a few days more." I have begun
to fear, remotely, that the day may never shine, when I shall see my child-
wife running in the sunlight with her old friend Jip.
   H e is, as it were suddenly, grown very old. I t may be, that he misses
in his mistress, something that enlivened him and made him younger; but
he mopes, and his sight is weak, and his limbs are feeble, and my aunt is
sorry that he objects to her no more, but creeps near her as he lies on
Dora's bed-she sitting at the bedside-and mildly licks her hand.
   Dora lies smiling on us, and is beautiful, and utters no hasty or com-
plaining word. She says that we are very good to her; that her dear old
careful boy is tiring himself out, she knows; that my aunt has no sleep,
yet is always wakeful, active, and kind. Sometimes, the little bird-like
