8                                               ADVERTISEMENTS.

                                        IVE SPECIAL APPOINTMENT
                                                    The QUEEN,
                                               H. R. H. Prince Albert,
                                                  Queen Adelaide,
                                                King Louis Philippe,
                                                       and the
                                                  Duchess of Kent.
     WATERPROOFERSTO
        THE QUEEN.
                                      DO U                      N E Y sa GREAT COATMAKERSTO
                                                                            PRINCE ALBERT.

  The efforts of the Doudneys to overcome old fashioned prejudices having resulted in their obtaining the continued
patronage and unqualified approbation of the principal Sovereigns, Royalty and Nobility of Europe; they henceforth
                                          T a r T R I U ~ ~ OF
proudly point to this fact, and say, BEHOLD                 P HCASEPAYMENTS   OVER TEE OLD CREDITSYSTEM!And
forgetnot, that,-To      be Cheap things must be Good.

  The Queens Victoria and Adelaide and the Royal and Noble Duchesses of Kent and Cambridge
Sntherland and Buccleuch, constantly wear ~oudne~'s'e1e~ant      Registered Cloak, in a variety of Waterproof
materials for Wiuter Wraps and the Promenade.-" Every Lady should see these graceful Garments!' (Vide Morning
Post, Sep. 26th.) They surpass all others as School Cloaks for the Sons and Danghters.
  Wor 62entlemen.-The Royal Registered Cloak, as made for H.R H . PrinceAlbert, the Nobility, the Army,
and Navy, and all who study comfort, coupled with a truly Gentlemanly exterior. These cloaks are pronounced by those
                              ''
who understand tile matter, The most sensible Qarn~entever introduoed," at priws to suit all
customers from the Superb down to the useful Guinea Cloak.

 Habit Makers by Special Appointment to Queen Victoria, and the Eadtes of
the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas.

  The New Patent Belt for Riding or general exercise, the only reaUy effectual protection against rupture ,
thesupport commeuciugat thebottom edgeof the belt, and producing an uniform upward pressure. They may be enlarged
or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce indigestioneither in Ladies or Gentlemen. They
are attached to Drawers with exceilent effect. The most eminent of the Faculty are recomn~endingthese in preference
to all others.
  LIVEBIES. Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                    Ready Jfoney does it !!I   and a very extensive
practice among families of first disti~lctioninsures satisfactory results.

    Waterproof Irish Poplin.- he                     DOUDNEYs
                                                         are the sole manufacturers of this beautiful
 article to HER MAJESTY AND THE PRINCE CONSORT. Gentlemen's Coats, Ladies' Cloaks, and lengths for
 Dresses can be obtained only at their Establishments,

    CEzLBRATED     17              O L D B O N D STREET,
                            SExtending into BURLINGTON ARCADE, (No. 25,) and at

                  49,LOMBARD                                      S:BBT.          1784.
                      Ladies and Gentlemen in the Countrg should sendfor a book of details.

F o r Purifying t h e Blood and Strength-
       ening t h e Digestive Organs.
l 7RENCH'S SARSAPARIIILA a m
                                                                BALSAM
                                                                    ..
                                                                       COPAIBA, and all other
                                                                         Med~c~nes of a nauseous character, may now
                                                                be taken without inconvenience. by means of the
                                                                PATENT FLEXIBLE CAPSULES. These Capsules
1' CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of                   w ~ l lbe found superior to those made with Gelatine.
these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited              They remain entire until they have passed through the
for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-         stomach into the intestines ; and the medlcine being
gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting           efficiently brought in contact with the organs it is
Fits, Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,             intended to affect, the usual nausea and unpleasant
Rheumatic and Nervous Affections, and all Impurities            eructations are avoided. E V A N S& L E S C H E London,
                                                                                                                ~,
of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too sedentary            Patentees; and all Medicine Vendors throughout the
a life, dissipation, and other causes. However debili-          kingdom.
tated the system, or deep-rooted t h e disease, by the
diligent use of this purifying Medicine the energies              ***    The recent discovery that the low priced
of the whole nervous system will be augmented, a                Gelatine Capsules contain a compound of train and
more powerful and healthy action of every faculty               other oils, and i n many cases n o Copaiha whatever,
produced, and feebleness, and all the deplorable                renders it important that the public should be made
symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength and               aware that the PATENT FLEXIBLE CAPSULES are
health be restored to the feeble and afflicted by its           guaranteed to contain genuine Copaiba only.
restorative properties.-Prepared        only by W. A.
FREN~H       , Holhorn, two doors west of Chancery.
           309,
lane. Price 2s. gd., 4s. Gd., lls., and 22s.                         EA'UTY.--The thorn that veils the
                                                              primrose from our view is n o t more invidious
T H E TOILET of BEAUTY fur-                            i n Nature than superfluous Hair o n the Face, Neck,
  1 11l41es111numrrnhle proofs of the high estlma.     and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
ti011 in which GOWI.AND'S LO'TION i s I~rlclby the     DER is the most certain and elegant preparation for
most distinguishrd possesrorsofbrill~antcom~~leaior~~. its removal-the genuine is perfectly innocent, is easy
This elegant preparation comprehends the preserva-     and pleasant t o use, and has been srgned " G. H.
tion of the complexion. both from the effects of cuta- HOGARD " for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro-
neous malady and the operation of variable tempera-    prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,
ture.-"Robert     Shaw, London," is in white letters   Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, i n
on the Government stamp of the genuine. Prices         packets, price 4s. Double ditto, 7s., or by post, free
25. gd. and 6s. 6d. : qnnrts, 8s. 6d.                  for 50 or 88 Postage stamps.
