              THE   PERSONAL HISTORY      AND   EXPERIENCE




                           CHAPTER VIII.
        MY HOLIDAYS.      ESPECIALLY ONE HAPPY AFTERNOON.

    WHENwe arrived before day at the inn where the mail stopped, which
was not the inn where my friend the waiter lived, I was shown up to a nice
little bedroom, with DOLPHINpainted on the door. Very cold I was I
know, notwithstanding the hot tea they had given me before a large fire
down-stairs ; and very glad I was to turn into the Dolphin's bed, pull the
Dolphin's blankets round my head, and go to sleep.
    Mr. Barkis the carrier was to call for me in the morning at nine o'clock.
I got up at eight, a little giddy from the shortness of my night's rest, and
was ready for him before the appointed time. H e received me exactly as
if not five minutes had elapsed since we were last together, and I had
only been into the hotel to get change for sixpence, or something of that
sort.
    As soon as I and my box were in the cart, and the carrier seated, the
lazy horse walked away with us all at his accustomed pace.
    "You look very well, Mr. Barkis," I said, thinking he would like to
know it.
    Mr. Barkis rubbed his cheek with his cuff, and then looked at his cuff
 as if he expected to find some of the bloom upon it ; but made no other
 acknowled,pent of the compliment.
    " I gave your message, Mr. Barkis," I said; " I wrote to Peggotty."
    " Ah ! " said Mr. Barkis.
    Mr. Barkis seemed gruff, and answered drily.
    " Wasn't it right, Mr. Barkis ? " I asked, after a little hesitation.

    " Why, no,''   said Mr. Barkis.
    "Not the message ?"
    " The message was right enough, perhaps," said Mr. Barkis ; " but it
 come to an end there."
    Not understanding what he meant, I repeated inquisitively : "Came to
 an end, Mr. Barkis ? "
    " Nothing come of it," he explained, looking at me sideways.          "NO

 answer."
    " There was an answer expected, was there, Mr. Barkis ? " said I,

 opening my eyes. For this was a new light to me.
     " When a man says he 's willin'," said Mr. Barkis, turning his glance
 slowly on me again, "it's as much as to say, that man's a waitin' for a
 answer."
    "Well, Mr. Barkis ? "
    "Well," said Mr. Barkis, carrying his eyes back to his horse's ears ;
 "that man's been a waitin' for a answer ever since."
    " Have you told her so, Mr. Barkis ? "
    "N-no,"      growled Mr. Barkis, reflecting about it. "I ain't got no
 call to go and tell her so. I never said six words to her myself. I ain't
 a goin' to tell her so."
