194            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

own mind, and form a cooler judgment. Suppose you were to take a little
journey now. Suppose you were to go down into the old part of the
country again, for instance, and see that-that          out-of-the-way woman
with the savagest of names," said my aunt, rubbing her nose, for she
could never thoroughly forgive Peggotty for being so called.
    " Of all things in the world, aunt, I should like it best ! "

    " Well," said my aunt, "that's       lucky, for I should like it too. But
it 's natural and rational that you should like it. And I am very well per-
suaded that whatever you do, Trot, will always be natural and rational."
    " I hope so, aunt."

    " Your sister, Betsey Trotwood," said my aunt, "would have been as

natural and rational a girl as ever breathed. You'll be worthy of her,
won't you ? "
    "I hope I shall be worthy of you, aunt. That will be enough for me."
    "It's a mercy that poor dear baby of a mother of yours didn't live,"
 said my aunt, looking at me approvingly, '(or she'd have been so vain of
her boy by this time, that her soft little head would have been completely
turned, if there was anything of it left to turn." (My aunt always excused
 any weakness of her own in my behalf, by transferring it in this way to
 my poor mother.) "Bless me, Trotwood, how you do remind me of her ! "
    " Pleasantly, I hope, aunt ? " said I.
    "He's as like her, Dick," said my aunt, emphatically, "he 's as like
her, as she was that afternoon, before she began to fret-bless my heart,
he's as like her, as he can look at me out of his two eyes ! "
        I s he indeed ? " said Mr. Dick.
    " And he's like David, too," said my aunt, decisively.
    " H e is very like David ! " said Mr. Dick.

    " But what I want you to be, Trot,"         resumed my aunt "-I don't
 mean physically, but morally; you are very well physically-is, a firm
 fellow. A fine firm fellow, with a will of your own. With resolution," said
 my aunt, shaking her cap at me, and clenching her hand. "With deter-
mination. With character, Trot-with strength of character that is not
 to be influenced, except on good reason, by anybody, or by anything.
 That's what I want you to be. That's what your father and mother
might both have been, Heaven knows, and been the better for it."
    I intimated that I hoped I should be what she described.
    " That you may begin, in a small way, to have a reliance upon yourself,
 and to act for yourself," said my aunt, " I shall send you upon your trip,
 alone. I did think, once, of Mr. Dick's going with you; but, on second
 thoughts, I shall keep him to take care of me."
    Mr. Dick, for a moment, looked a little disappointed ; until the honor
 and dignity of having to take care of the most wonderful woman in the
 world, restored the sunshine to his face.
     " Besides," said my aunt, "there's the Memorial-"
     " Oh, certainly," said Mr. Dick, in a hurry, "I intend, Trotwood, to

 get that done immediately-it really must be done immediately ! And
 then it will go in, you know-and then-," said Mr. Dick, after checking
 himself, and pausing a long time, " there '11 be a pretty kettle of fish ! "
     I n pursuance of my aunt's kind scheme, I was shortly afterwards fitted out
 with a handsome purse of money, and a portmanteau, and tenderly dismissed
