   14                                               ADVERTISEMENTS.

      B U T T O N ' S A M U N O R I G O N , OR M E D I C A T E D S H I E L D ,
 I s stamped with the approbation of t h e medical profession, and t h e public universally, as a most effective
 preservation against t h e fatal influences of fogs, damp, and cold. I t possesses all t h e virtues of t h e plasters s o
 commonly worn a t this season, without their great defects o r disagreeable annoyances, being elegant i n
 appearance worn with ease and comfort, and preserving t h e chest a n d lungs of a n uniform and agreeable
 temperatur;, uninflaenced by atmospheric change, will be found invaluable i n the prevention of Coughs,
 Colds, Asthma, Influenza, Consumption, and all Pulmonic Diseases.            T o be had of all Drnggists, o r free
 b y post o n sending stamps t o t h e sole manufacturer,
     3. E. aUTTQX, Chemist, 20, Brunswick Parade, Barnsbury Road, Islington.
                                         Small Size, 1s. ; Medium,    18.   6 d . ; Large, 2s.
                                        -
  BEAUTY.-The                      thorn that veils the primrose from our view is not more
       lnv~dlousi n Nature t h a n superfluous Hair o n t h e Face, Neck, and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT's
 ROSEATE POWDER is the most certain and elegant preparation for i t s removal-the genuine i s perfectly
 innocent, is easy and pleasant t o use, and has been signed "G. H. HOEARD" for t h e last 40 years.
 Sold for the proprietor, b~ Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street, Covent Garden, and by all respectable
 perfumers, i n packets, prlce 4s. Double ditto, 7s., or by post, free, for 50 o r 88 Postage stamps.
                              --                                                                      -
              For Purifying the Blood and Strengthening the Digestive Organs.

 FRENCH'S                 SARSAPARILLA AND CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid
        Extract of these well-known valuable Medicines. I t is suited for either sex. and wi11 prove a certain
 cure for Indigestion, Loss of Appetite. Dimness of Sight, Fainting Fits, Wasting o f t h e Flesh, Languor, Skin
 Diseases, Rheumatic a11d Nervous Affections, and ail Impurities of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too
 sedentary a life, dissipation, and other causes. Ilowever debilitated t h e system, or deep-rooted t h e disease,
 by the diligent use of tills purifying Medicice t h e energies of t h e whole nervous system will he augmented
 s more powerful and healthy action of every faculty produced, and feebleness, a n d all t h e deplorabl;
 symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength and health he restored t o t h e feeble and afflicted by i t s
 restorative properties.-Prepared only by W. A. FRENCH,309, Holborn, two doors west of Chancery-lane.
 Price 2s. Sd., 4s. Lid., l ls., a n d 228.


 T H E POST?IASTEIt-GENERAL having officially notified to the public the
         necessity nf uslng Hard Srallng Wax for correspondertce t o hot climates, HYDE & CO., of 61. Fleet St..
 Sealing-Wax-Makers to t h e Qneen and t h e Government, intimate t h a t they mannfactuve the INDIA WAX t d
 the order of t h e Comptroller ot her Majesty's Stationery Office. This Wax, from its peculiar properties, affords
 t h e only security t o foreign letters. Each stick is stamped " India Wax for H o t Climates. EIyde. London."
    Supplied wholesale and retail, a t 61, Fleet-street, London, t h e Manufactory for Sealing Wax of every
 descr~ption;also by MARION,Regent-street, a n d Paris; and by all country stationers.



T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
    The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything yet
                                                                                                                          .
produced, that the Manufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and the
Connoisseur, that one may be convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, at the establishment of the
Sole Inventor. F. Browue. 47. FENCHURCH-ST.
       F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE O F MEASURING T H E HEAD.
    Round the head in the manner of a fillet, leaving, As dotted
t h e Ears loose ............................................... 1 I to l.   I          1
                                                                           Inches. E ~ g h t h s
                                                                                     .           '1
  From the Forehead over to the poll, as deep each
way as required ....................
                                   ..........................
  From one Temple to the other, across the rise or! As marked
Crown of the bead to where the Hair mows ............ ! 3 to 3.


          THE CHARGE FOR THIS UNIQUE HEAD O F HAIR, ONLY &?l10s.

                  DEFORMlTlES O F T H E CHEST AND SPINE.
                                     EAGLAND'S INVISIBLE S P I N E SUPPORT, under
                                  t h e Patronage of H e r Majesty's Surgeons, &C.-Ladies
                                  suffering from spinal deviations a n d their injurious con.
                                  sequences a r e solicited t o inspect Mr. E A Q L A N ~ newly-
                                                                                               'S
                                  invented and inimitable SPINAL SUPPORTS. Their
                                  heautifulsimplicity, extreme lightness, a n d their efficiency
                                  a s a remedial agent, have proved them superior t o any
                                  others j indeed, t h e y h a v e become eminently successful.
                                  They a r e also completely imperceptible, conceal t h e
                                  defects (without padding) from t h e most scrutinising
                                  observer, a n d n e v e r fail t o confer immediate relief.
                                  Mr. E. h a s t h e pleasure t o add t h a t h e i s empowered t o
                                  refer t o ladies of the first respectability a s t o t h e value of
                                  his invention, i n addition t o which be holds testimonials
                                  of t h e highest order.        Mrs. E A G L A N D  i s i n constant
                                  attendance from l 2 till 5 dally.
                                      21, COVENTRY STREET, HAYMARKET.
