                         O F DAVID COPPERFIELD.

    "That won't do," returned the lady. " Nobody's dinner is paid for
 here, in that name."
    " I s it Murdstone, ma'am 3 " I said.

    " If you're Master Murdstone," said the lady, "why do you go and

 give another name, first ? "
    I explained to the lady how it was, who then rang a bell, and called
 out, "William ! show the coffee-room ! " upon which a waiter came
running out of a kitchen on the opposite side of the yard to show it,
and seemed a good deal surprised when he found he was only to show
it to me.
    I t was a large long room with some large maps in it. I doubt if I
 could have felt much stranger if the maps had been real foreign countries,
 and I cast away in the middle of them. I felt it was taking a liberty to
 sit down, with my cap in my hand, on the corner of the chair nearest the
 door; and when the waiter laid a cloth on purpose for me, and put a set
of castors on it, I think I must have turned red all over with modesty.
    H e brought me some chops, and vegetables, and took the covers off in
such a bouncing manner that I was afraid I must have given him some
 offence. But he greatly relieved my mind by putting a chair for me at
the table, and saying, very affably, " Now, six-foot ! come on ! "
    I thanked him, and took my seat at the board ; but found it extremely
difficult to handle my knife and fork with anything like dexterity,
or to avoid splashing myself with the gravy, while he was standing
opposite, staring so hard, and making me blush in the most dreadful
manner every time I caught his eye. After watching me into the second
chop, he said :
    " There's half a pint of ale for you.  Will you have it now ? "
    I thanked him, and said "Yes." Upon which he poured it out of a jug into
a large tumbler, and held it up against the light, andmade it look beautiful.
    " My eye ! " he said. " I t seems a good deal, don't i t ? "
    " I t does seem a good deal," I answered with a smile.    For it was quite
delightful to me, to find him so pleasant. He was a twinkling-eyed, pimple-
faced man, with his hair standing upright all over his head; and as he
stood with one arm a-kimbo, holding up the glass to the light with the
other hand, he looked quite friendly.
    " There was a gentleman here, yesterday," he said-"    a stout gentleman,
by the name of Topsawyer-perhaps you know him!"
    " No," I said, " I don't think-"
    " I n breeches and gaiters, broad-brimmed hat, grey coat, speckled
choaker," said the waiter.
    "No," I said bashfully, "I haven't the pleasure-"
    " He came in here," said the waiter, looking at the light through the

tumbler, " ordered a glass of this ale-would order it-I told him not-
drank it, and fell dead. I t was too old for him. I t oughtn't to be
drawn ; that 's the fact."
    I was very much shocked to hear of this melancholy accident, and said
I thought I had better have some water.
    "Why you see," said the waiter, still looking at the light through the
tumbler, with one of his eyes shut up, " our people don't like things being
ordered and left. I t offends 'em. But I ' l l drink it, if you like. I'm
                                                                 E
