     WORKS BY THE REV. JOHN CUMMING,                                     D.D.
                                   --~-..--

 A TENTHEDITIONof the First Series is now ready.-In two handsome volumes,
                     foolscap 8vo. cloth gilt, 9s. each,

                  APOCALYPTIC SKETCHES ;
                                         0%
    LECTURES ON THE BOOK OF REVELATION.
             DELIVERED AT EXETER HALL AND AT CROWN COURT CHURCH.
  These Lectures show the application of Prophecy to the present startling times
and events, and have excited a very great interest. The present edition has been
carefully revised by the Author, who has added a new Preface, a comprehensive
Index, and made numerous corrections and improvements.

                 Now ready, price 9s. i n fcap. 8vo. cloth, full gilt,

      LECTURES ON THE SEVEN CHURCHES,
                 Being a Third Volume of APOCALYPTIC
                                                  SKETCHES.
This Series is illustrated by beautiful Wood Engravings, representing the present
                           state of the Apostolic Churches.
                                     .,~-.--,.-
  THE CELEBRATED PROTESTANT DISCUSSION between the
Rev. JOHN    CUMMING. D.D. and DANIELFRENCH,
Hammersmith, i n 1839. Crown 8vo. cloth, 6s.
                                                          -
                                               . Esq. Barrister-at-Law ; held a t
  INFANT SALVATION ; or, All Saved who Die in Infancy. Specially
addressed to Mothers mourning the Loss of Infants and Children. Second Edition,
fcap. 8vo. cloth, 2s.
   THE BAPTISMAL FONT. An Exposition of the Nature and Obligations
of Christian Baptism, with an Appendix. Uniform with the above, cloth, 2s.
 A MESSAGE FROM GOD ; or, Thoughts on Religion for Thinking
Men. Second Edition, fcap. 8vo. cloth, 2s.
 THE TRUE SUCCESSION. A Sermon. Fourth Edition, fcap. 8vo.
sewed, 6d.
  LIBERTY-EQUALITY-FRATERNITY. Three Discourses, Is. 6d.
  " IS CHRISTIANITY FROM GOD ? " A Manual of Christian Evidences
for Sunday School Teachen, City Missionaries, and Young Persons. Fifth Edition,
fcap. 8vo. cloth, 3s.
   " OUR FATHER." A Manual of Family Prayer, for General and Special
Occasions; with Short Prayers for Spare Minutes, and Passages for Reflection.
New Edition, i n fcap. 8vo. price 3s. i n cloth.
   THE COMMUNION TABLE. A Manual for Communicants, containing
a Plaln and Practical Exposition of the Lord's Supper. I n fcap. avo. price 3s.
   LECTURES FOR THE TIMES. An Expp~itionof Tridentine and Trac-
tarlan Popery. One thick 8vo. volume, cloth, prlce 7s. Gd., or i n 12mo. small
paper,
-  -    cloth, 5s.
  CHRISTIAN PATRIOTISM; or, the Claims of Home and Country
to Christian Consideration. An Essay. 8vo. sewed, 2s.
                ALSO, JUST PUBLISHED, EDITED BY THE SAME AUTHOR,
   THE PULPIT PSALM BOOK. The Psalms and Paraphrases according to
the version of the Church of Scotland, with the names of suitable Tunes, Explana-
tions of each Psalm, and a Supplement of Hymns and Doxologies for Special and
Missionary occasions; to which are prefixed, Prayers and Services from John
Knox's Book of Common Order, as at the Reformation; also, the Confession of
Faith and Shorter Catechism. Peculiarly suitable for Presents to Clergymen, and
forming a valuable Manual for the Pew and the Family. I n cloth, 3s. 6d.;
morocco, 66. 6d.
               A. HALL, VIRTUE & GO. 25, PATERNOSTER
          LONDON:                                 ROW.
