                                                                               No. XI.-MARCH, 1850.
       COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
           NEW WORK ON GARDENING AND BOTANY.
                                               -__C_
                              !Phis day i s pzcblis7~e6,price 2s. 6d., No. I. of




               EDITED BY DR. LINDLEY AND JOSEPH PAXTON.
AND I L L U S T R A T E D BY H I G H L Y F I N I S H E D PLATES AND WOODCUTS.

   Thiswork, for which hlonsieur CONSTANS,      a French Botanical Draughtsn~anof great taste and skill,
and a pupil of Mans. Decaisne, has been expressly engaged, will be confined to the proper business of
an illustrated book, namely the representation and description of all new plants which inay appear
in gardens. The species which are of most importance will be illustrated by coloured plates, one
species or genus only to a plate, with a leaf or more of letter-press, explaining the principal
scientific and horticultural facts which belong to each plant. The species of less importance will
be treated of more briefly, and will be illustrated when necessary by copious woodcuts and
vignettes. The object, in short, will be to combine Scientific Botany with Gardening, and exact
delineations of plants with pictorial effect. I t is believed that by such means this periodical will
not only be indispensable to the BOTANIST     and GARDENER,    but be also amine of invaluable hints by
which the ARTISTand MANUFACTURER         \\.ill be able to profit.
   I t is not intended to admit any other kind of matter than such as is now described. All special
treatises on cultivation, and all disquisitions respecting subjects incidental to gardening will be
transferred to the Gardeners' C7~ronicleand similar periodicals, in which there is ample space for
such discussions, and to which they have now become better adapted than to a pictorial work.


       New and Enlarged Edition of Paxton's Botanical
                       Dictionary.
                                        I n Crown octavo, price 16s.

         PAXTON'S BOTANICAL DICTIONARY.
                A NEW EDITION, CORRECTED T O THE PRESENT TIME.
COMPRISING THE NAMES, HISTORY, AND C U L T U R E O F ALL PLANTS KNOWN I N BRITAIN, WITH           A    FULL
                                    EXPLANATION O F T E C H N I C A L TERMS.

*,*    For the convenience of Persons possessing the First Edition, the SUPPLEMENT, containing all the New
                          Plants since its appearance, is published separately, price 5s.
                           BRADBURY AND EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.
                       ---     -                                                                      -.
Price 7s., hundsomely bound in cloth, with numerous Woodcuts representing the Processes of Grafting,
                                       Budding, Layering, &c.


LADIES' COMPANION TO THE FLOWER GARDEN.
          BEING AN ALPHABETICAL ARRANGEMENT O F ALL T H E ORNAMENTAL PLANTS
      GROWN I N GARDENS AND SHRUBBERIES; WITH FULL DIRECTIONS F O R T H E I R CULTURE.
                                           BY MRS. LOUDON.
                THE FIFTH EDITION, CORRECTED T O THE PRESENT TIME.
            London : Published (for the Proprietor) by BRADBURY 8r EVANS, 11, Bouverie Street.
