                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           121
Micawber should apply for his release under the Insolvent Debtors Act,
which would set him free, she expected, in about six weeks.
    " And then," said Mr. Micawber, who was present, " I have no doubt
I shall, please Heaven, begin to be beforehand with the world, and to live
in a perfectly new manner, if-in short, if anything turns up."
    By way of going in for anything that might be on the cards, I call to
mind that Mr. Micawber, about this time, composed a petition to the
 House of Commons, praying for an alteration in the law of imprisonment
for debt. I set down this remembrance here, because it is an instance to
myself of the manner in which I fitted my old books to my altered life,
 and made stories for myself, out of the streets, and out of men and women ;
and how some main points in the character I shall unconsciously develope,
 I suppose, in writing my life, were gradually forming all this while.
    There was a club in the prison, in which Mr. Micawber, as a gentleman,
was a great authority. Mr. Micawber had stated his idea of this petition
 to the club, and the club had strongly approved of the same. Wherefore
 Mr. Micawber (who was a thoroughly good-natured man, and as active a
 creature about everything but his own affairs as ever existed, and never
 so happy as when he was busy about something that could never be of
 any profit to him) set to work at the petition, invented it, engrossed it on
 an immense sheet of paper, spread it out on a table, and appointed a time
 for all the club, and all within the walls if they chose, to come up to his
room and sign it.
    When I heard of this approaching ceremony, I was so anxious to see
them all come in, one after another, though I knew the greater part of
 them already, and they me, that I got an hour's leave of absence from
Murdstone and Grinby's, and established myself in a corner for that pur-
pose. As many of the principal members of the club as could be got into
the small room without filling it, supported Mr. Micawber in front of the
petition, while my old friend Captain Hopkins (who had washed himself,
to do honor to so solemn an occasion) stationed himself close to it, to
read it to all who were unacquainted with its contents. The door was
then thrown open, and the general population began to come in, in a long
file : several waiting outside, while one entered, affixed his signature, and
went out. To everybody in succession, Captain Hopkins said : " Have
you read i t ? "-" No."-"       Would you like to hear it read? " If he
weakly showed the least disposition to hear it, Captain Hopkins, in a
loud sonorous voice, gave him every word of it. The Captain would have
read it twenty thousand times, if twenty thousand people would have
heard him, one by one. I remember a certain luscious roll he gave to
such phrases as "The people's representatives in Parliament assembled,"
" Your petitioners therefore humbly approach your honorable house,"
"His gracious Majesty's unfortunate subjects," as if the words were
something real in his mouth, and delicious to taste ; Mr. Micawber, mean-
while, listening with a little of an author's vanity, and contemplating (not
severely) the spikes on the opposite wall.
   As I walked to and fro daily between Southwark and Blackfriars, and
lounged about at meal-times in obscure streets, the stones of which may,
for anything I know, be worn at this moment by my childish feet, I
wonder how many of these people were wanting in the crowd that
used to come filing before me in review again, to the echo of Captain
