                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          419
    "You did at last? " said I.
    " Well, the Reverend Horace did," said Traddles. " He is an excellent
man, most exemplary in every way; and he pointed out to her that she
ought, as a Christian, to reconcile herself to the sacrifice (especially as it
was so uncertain), and to bear no uncliaritable feeling towards me. As
to myself, Copperfield, I give you my word, I felt a perfect bird of prey
towards the family."
    "The sisters took your part, I hope, Traddles?"
    "Why, I can't say they did," he returned. "When we had compara-
tively reconciled Mrs. Crewler to it, we had to break it to Sarah. You
recollect my mentioning Sarah, as the one that has something the matter
with her spine ? "
    " Perfectly ! "

    " She clenched both her hands," said Traddles, looking at me in
dismay ; " shut her eyes ; turned lead-color ; became perfectly stiff; and
took nothing for two days, but toast-and-water administered with a
teaspoon."
    "What a very unpleasant girl, Traddles ! " I remarked.
    " Oh, I beg your pardon, Copperfield ! " said Traddles.        " She is a
 very charming girl, but she has a great deal of feeling. I11 fact, they all
have. Sophy told me afterwards, that the self-reproach she underwent
 while shc was in attendance upon Sarah, no words could describe. I
 know it must have been severe, by my own feelings, Copperfield; which
 were like a criminal's. dfter Sarah was restored, we still had to break it
to the other eight; and it produced various effects upon them of a most
pathetic nature. The two little ones, whom Soplly educates, have only
just left off de-testing me."
    " At any rate, they are all reconciled to it now, I hope? " said I.

    " Ye-yes, I should say they were, on the whole, resigned to it," said
Traddles, doubtfully. "The fact is, we avoid mentioning the subject ;
and my unsettled prospects and indifferent circumstances are a great con-
solation to them. There will be a deplorable scene, whenever we are
married. I t will be much more like a funeral, than a wedding. And
they '11 all hate me for taking her away! "
    His honest face, as he looked at me with a serio-comic shake of his head,
impresses me more in the remembrance than it did in the reality, for I
was by this time in a state of such excessive trepidation and wandering of
mind, as to be quite unable to fix my attention on anything. On our
approaching the house where the Misses Spenlow lived, I was at such a
discount in respect of my personal looks and presence of mind, that
Traddles proposed a gentle stimulant in the form of a glass of ale. This
having been administered at a neighbouring public-house, he conducted
me, with tottering steps, to the hlisses Spenlow's door.
    I had a vague sensation of being, as it were, on view, when the maid
opened it ; and of wavering, sotnehow, across a hall with a weather-glass in
it, into a quiet little drawing-room on the ground-floor, commanding a neat
garden. Also of sitting down here, on a sofa, and seeing Traddles's hair
 start up, now his hat was removed, l ~ k eone of those obtrusive little
 figures made of springs, that fly out of fictitious snuff-boxes when the lid
 is taken off. Also of hearing an old-fashioned clock ticking away on the
                                                            E E 2
