8                                                  ADVERTISEMENTS.
-                 ~                       ~


                                                                                         ~- ~




          NO MORE PILLS NOR ANY OTHER MEDICINE.

    DU BARRY'S REVALENTA ARABICA FOOD,
T H I S light delicious breakfast food, p?ssessing those delicate, nutritive, and
       r e s t o r a t i v e properties s o indispensable .to Invalids a n d the feeble, permanently r e m o v e s
dyspepsia (indigestion), habitual constipation, n a u s e a a n d sickness a t t h e s t o m a c h d u r i n g preg-
nancy, a t sea, o r a f t e r meals, h e m o r r h o i d a l affections, nervousness, bilousness, h e a r t b u r n , l i v e r
complaint, distension, flatulency, debility, asthma, low spirits, kc., without inconvenience,
medicine, o r expense, as i t s a v e s o t h e r m o r e costly food. Du BARRY           & Co., 127, N e w B o n d
Street, London. A g e n t s in L o n d o n : HEDGES           & BUTLER,    FORTNUM,  MASON,& CO., p u r v e y o r s t o
H e r Majesty, the Q u e e n ; in E d i n b u r g h , RAIMES       & Co. ; in Dublin, BEWLEY,    FISHER,         & CO, ;
a n d all respectable Dealers.
                                              --    -        --
                                                        CASES.
  From the Right Hon. t h e Lord Stuart De Decies, Dromana, Capoquin, County Waterford, Feb. 15, 1849.-
" Gentlemen, I have derived much beneflt from the use of t h e 'Revalenta Food.'
                                                                                 "STUART DE DECIES."
                                                   ' 8 4, Park Walk, Little Chelsea, London, Oct. 2. 1848.
  " Twenty.seven pears' dyspepsia has been effectually removed by your excellent ' Revalenta Arabica Food,:
in six weeks' time, &c.                                     " PARKER D. BINGHAM, Captaln, Royal Navy.

                                                               Pool Anthony, Tiverton, November 8, 1848.
   "All that I had suffered from for twenty-five years, and which no medicine could remove or relieve, seems
t o vanish under the influence of Reva1enta.l I enjoy sound and refreshing sleep, which, until now, I could
not procure. Nervousness is passing a v a y rapidly, and I a m much more calm and collected in everything I
do, and it has quite sweetened my poor temper. I t now affords me pleasure t o do for others what before I di!
not dare to do for nervous irritation, &c.                                              " WM. R. REEVES.'


                                                                    'c Bromiey, Middlesex, March 31, 1849.
   " Gentlemen,-The lady for whom I ordered your Food is six months advanced in pregnancy, and Was
suffering severely from indigestion, constipation. throwing up her meals shortly after eating them, having a
great deal of heartburn, and being constantly obliged to resort to physic o r the enema. and sometimes both.
I am happy to inform you that your Food produced immediate relief. She has never been sick since, had hut
little heartburn, and the functions are more regular, &c. I authorise the publication of this note if YOU thin!
it may benefit other sufferers, and remain, gentlemen, faithfully yours,            " THOS. WOODHOUSE.
                                                        "3 Sidney Terrace, Reading, Berks., Qec. 3, 1847.
  "Gentlemen,-I     am happy t o he able t o Inform you t i a t the person for whom the forme: quantity Was
procured has derived very great benefit from its use; distressing symptoms of long standmg have been
removed. and a feeling of restored health induced. Having witnessed the beneficial effects in the above-
mentioned case, I can with confidence recommend it, and shall have much pleasure in so doing whenever a n
opportunity offers. I am, gentlemen, very truly yours,
                                                      's JAMES SH ORLANQ, late Surgeon, 96th Regiment.'"

                                              "21, Broad Street, Golden Square, Londqn, Nov. 20,.1547.
  (Details of nineteen years'dyspepsia nervousness, sickness a t the stomach and vomitmg, and liver com.
plaint, and three weeks' " Revalenta" ireatment,)-" 1 humbly and sincerely thank God and yoLIrSelVeS a
His instruments, &c.                                                         " ISABEL'LA GRELLIERE.''
                                                                      "Winslow, Bucks, Jan.22, 1848.
  "I have found it t o he a simple, though very efficacious and pleasant food, doing good t o my own and
others' functional disorders.                                                 (Rev.) CHARLES KERR."
                                                                         '6Athol-street, Perth, May 2, 1848.
  "Some time has now elapsed since the lady [who had heen a n invalid for thirteen years from want of
digestion, accompanied with cough and general prostration of strength) for whom I procured yoor ' Arabica
Food, has been using it daily as directed, and I am happy to say that i t has produced a most salutary chal;e
in her system, &c.                                                                      "JAMES PORTER.
                                                         Southwick Park, Fareham, Hants, Oct. 31, 1848.
  " Gentlemen,-I sincerely thank you for yourkind attention. When I began taking the ' Revalenta' I was in
                                                               '@




as deplorable a condition as can well he imagined. I was confined t o bed, and so weak that I could neither
stand nor walk, &C. &c. I am happy t o say that I get stronger, and my health better every day, &c. &c.
                                                                           l 4 JOHN VASS, Land Steward."


  Similar expressions of gratitude from William Hunt, Esq., Barrister-at-law, King's College, Cambridge;
James Shorland, Esq., late Surgeon, 96th Regt., Reading, Berks; ana 5,000 other correspondents.


  I n canisters a t 4s. 6d.; 41b. a t i l s , ; 101b. a t 22s.; super-refined quality, 41b. 228. j and 81b. 338, ; suitably
packed for all climates. 81b. and IOlb. canisters forwarded by Du Barry & Co., on receipt of Post-office o r
bankers' orders (carriage free) t o any town or railroad station connected by rail with London.


                      DU BARRY & Co., 127, New Bond Street, London.
