                         OP DAVID COPPERFIELD,

 resolute and uncompromising. Traddles buttoned his coat with a deter-
 mined air. Mr. Dick, disturbed by these formidable appearances, but feeling
 it necessary to imitate them, pulled his hat, with both hands, as firmly over
 his ears as he possibly could ; and instantly took it off again, to welcome
 Mr. Micawber.
       Gentlemen, and madam," said Mr. Micawber, "good morning ! My
 dear sir," to Mr. Dick, who shook hands with him violently, you are
 extremely good."
     " Have you breakfasted ? " said Mr. Dick. '' Have a chop !"
     "Not for the world, my good sir ! " cried Mr. Micawber, stopping him
 on his way to the bell; "appetite and myself, Mr. Dixon, have long been
 strangers."
    Mr. Dixon was so pleased with his new name, and appeared to think it
 so very obliging in Mr. Micawber to confer it upon him, that he shook
 hands with him again, and laughed rather childishly.
     " Dick," said my aunt, " attention ! "
    Mr. Dick recovered himself, with a blush.
   '$  Now, sir," said my aunt to Mr. Micawber, as she put on her gloves,
 "we are ready for Mount Vesuvius, or anything else, as soon as you
 please."
     " Madam," returned Mr. Micawber, "I trust you will shortly witness
 an eruption. Mr. Traddles, I have your permission, I believe, to mention
 here that we have been in communication together P "
     "It is undoubtedly the fact, Copperfield," said Traddles, to whom I
 looked in surprise. "Mr. Micawber has consulted me, in reference to
what he has in contemplation; and I have advised him to the best of my
judgment."
    "Unless I deceive myself, Mr. Traddles," pursued Mr. Micawber,
"what I contemplate is a disclosure of an important nature."
    "Highly SO," said Traddles.
    "Perhaps, under such circumstances, madam and gentlemen," said
 Mr. Micawber, "you will do me the favor to submit yourselves, for the
 moment, to the direction of one, who, however unworthy to be regarded in
 any other light but as a Waif and Stray upon the shore of human nature, is
 still your fellow man, though crushed out of his original form by individual
 errors, and the accumulati.r~eforce of a combination of circumstances ? "
    "We have perfect confidence in you, Mr. Micawber," said I, " and will
 do what you please."
    " Mr. Copperfield," returned Mr. Micawber, " your confidence is not,
 at the existing juncture, ill-bestowed. I would beg to be allowed a start
 of five minutes by the clock; and then to receive the present company,
inquiring for Miss Wickfield, at the office of Wickfield and Heep, whose
 Stipendiary I am."
    My aunt and I looked at Traddles, who nodded his approval.
    " I have no more," observed Mr. Micawber, "to say at present."
    With which, to my infinite surprise, he included us all in a comprehen-
 sive bow, and disappeared ; his manner being extremely distant, and his
face extremely pale.
    Traddles only smiled, and shook his head (with his hair standing
upright on the top of it), when I looked to him for an explanation;
 so I took out my watch, and, as a last resource, counted off the five
