                                                                     No. I.-MAY,        1849.

    COPPERFIELD                                           VERTISER.
   N E W BOOKS O F T H E PRESENT SEASON.

T h e Quarterly Review, No. CLX VUI. avo. 6s.                            Contents :-
1. Popular Science.              4. Cattle m d Sheep.            7. Revolutionized Italy.
2. Dog-Breaking wnd Stable       5. Germany and A w t ~ i a .    8. Macaulay's Hcstory of Eng-
     Economy.                    6. Cwzon's Monasteries of the        land.
3. The Skerqjvwe Light-hozcse.        Levant.

A Second Visit to the United States of North America.                                  By Sir
       CHARLESLYELL. 2 v01s.po~t890.

T h e L i f e and Voyages of Columdus and of his Companions. By
       WASHINGTON
               IRTING,Esq. A New Edition, revised and enlarged.          3 vok. 8vo.

Visits to Monasteries in the Levant.                By the Hon. ROBERT
                                                                     CURZON.
       Woodcuts. Post 8vo. 15s.

A Narrative of Researches at Nineveh. By AUSTEN
                                              H . LAYARD,Esq.
      Third Edition. Plates and Woodcuts. 2 vols. 8vo.    36s.

T h e Cities and Cemeteries of Etruria.                   By GEORGEDENNIS,Esq.
       Plates cmd Woodcuts. 2 vols. 8vo. 42s.

Field Notes, and a T o u r i n Sutherland. By CHARLESST.JOHN,Esq.
       Woodcuts. 2 vok. post 8vo.   18s.

Travels through Dalnzatia and Montenegro. By Sir J. G. WILKINSON.
      Plates cund Woodcuts. 2 uols. 8vo. 42s.

The History o f Greece.              Vols. 5 and 6.          By GEORGEGROTE,Esq.
      Maps.     8vo. 32s.

Horace.        Blustrated By 300 Vignettes, taken f r o m the Antique.
       Witha Lzfe.    By Rev. H . H. MILMAN. Crown 8210. 42s.

History of the Sikhs, f r o m the Origin o f the Nation to the Battle o f
      the Sutlej.    By Capt. J. D. CUNNINGHAM.
                                              ;Maps. 8vo. 15s.

The Railroad and the Electric Telegraph ; or, Stokers and Pokers.
      B y Author of" Bubbles from Nassau."   Post 8vo. 2s. 6d.

Ranke's History o f Prussia.                 Translated by Sir ALEXANDER
                                                                     axid
      Lady D. GORDON. 3 vok. 8vo. 36s.

Hortensius; or, T h e Advocate. An Historical Essay. By WILLIAM
          Esq. Post 8~0,129.
   FORSYTH,

Outlines o f English Literature. By THOMASSHAW, B.A. Post
      avo.    12s.

A Residence in Sierra Leone, described i n Letters by a Lady.
      Edited by the Hon. Mrs. NORTON. Post 830. 68.

Adventures in the Libyan Desert.                      By BAYLE ST. JOHN, Esq.
      Woodcuts. Post 8vo. 2s. 6d.


                      JOHN MURRAY, Albemarle Street.
