                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

looked at Mrs. Creakle as he said this-" when it rises against me, is not
my flesh and blood. I discard it. Has that fellow," to the man with
the wooden leg, " been here again ? "
    " No," was the answer.
   " No," said Mr. Creakle. " H e knows better. He knows me. Let
him keep away. I say let him keep away," said Mr. Creakle, striking his
hand upon the table, and looking at Mrs. Creakle, "for he knows me.
Now you have begun to know me too, my young friend, and you may go.
Take him away."
   I was very glad to be ordered away, for Mrs. and Miss Creakle were
both wiping their eyes, and I felt as uncomfortable for them, as I did
for myself. But I had a petition on my mind which concerned me so
nearly, that I couldn 't help saying, though I wondered at my own courage :
   " If you please, sir-"
   Mr. Creakle whispered, " Hah ? What's this ? " and bent his eyes
upon me, as if he would have burnt me up with them.
   " If you please, sir," I faltered, "if I might be allowed (I am very

sorry indeed, sir, for what I did) to take this writing off, before the boys
come back-"
   Whether Mr Creakle was in earnest, or whether he only did it to
frighten me I don't know, but he made a burst out of his chair, before
which I precipitately retreated, without waiting for the escort of the
man with the wooden leg, and never once stopped until I reached
my own bedroom, where, finding I was not pursued, I went to bed, as
it was time, and lay quaking, for a couple of hours.
   Next morning Mr. Sharp came back. Mr. Sharp was the first master,
and superior to Mr. Mell. Mr. Me11 took his meals with the boys, hut
Mr. Sharp dined and supped at Mr. Creakle's table. He was a limp,
delicate-looking gentleman, I thought, with a good deal of nose, and a way
of carrying his head on one side, as if it were a little too heavy for
him. His hair was very smooth and wavy; but I was informed by the
very first boy who came back that it was a wig (a second-hand one he
said), and that Mr. Sharp went out every Saturday afternoon to get it
curled.
   I t was no other than Tommy Traddles who gave me this piece of
intelligence. He was the first boy who returned. He introduced himself
by informing me that I should find his name on the right-hand corner of
the gate, over the top bolt ; upon that I said, " Traddles ? " to which
he replied, "The same," and then he asked me for a full account of myself
and &mily.
   I t was a happy circumstance for me that Traddles came back first. H e
enjoyed my placard so much, that he saved me from the embarrassment of
either disclosure or concealment, by presenting me to every other boy who
came back, great or smal1,immediatelyon his arriva1,in this form of introduc-
tion, "Look here ! Here's a game ! " Happily, too, the greater part of the
boys came back low-spirited, and were not so boisterous at my expense as
I had expected. Some of them certainly did dance about me like wild
Indians, and the greater part could not resist the temptation of pretending
that I was a dog, and patting and smoothing me lest I should bite, and
saying, "Lie down, sir !" and calling me Towzer. This was naturally
