                           O F DAVID COPPERFIELD.

a small paper bundle containing two or three letters or little packets, which
he laid upon the table.
   "This first one come," he said, selecting it from the rest, " afore I
had been gone a week. A fifty pound Bank note, in a sheet of paper,
directed to me, and put underneath the door in the night. She tried to
hide her writing, but she couldn't hide it from Me ! "
   He folded up the note again, with great patience and care, in exactly the
same form, and laid it on one side.
   " This come to Missis Gummidge," he said, opening another, " two or

three months ago." After looking at it for some moments, he gave it to
me, and added in a low voice, "Be so good as read it, sir."
   I read as follows :
     " Oh what will you feel when you see this writing, and know it comes from my
  wicked hand ! But try, try-not for my sake, but for uncle's goodness, try to
  let your heart soften to me, only for a little little time ! Try, pray do, to relent
  towards a miserable girl, and write down on a bit of paper whether he is well,
  and what he said about me before you left off ever naming me among yourselves
  -and whether, of a night, when it is my old time of coming home, you ever see
  him look as if he thought of one he used to love so dear. Oh, my heart is breaking
  when I think about it ! I am kneeling down to yon, begging and praying younot
  to be as hard with me as I deserve -as I well, well, know I deserve - but to
  be so gentle and so good, as to write down something of him, and to send it to
  me. You need not call me Little, you need not call me by the name I have dis-
  graced ; but oh, listen to my agony, and have mercy on me so far as to write me
  some word of uncle, never, never to be seen in this world by my eyes again !
     " Dear, if your heart is hard towards me-justly hard, I know-but, Listen, if
  it is hard, dear, ask him I have wronged the most-him whose wife I was to have
  been-before you quite decide against my poor poor prayer ! If he should be so
  compassionate a s to say that yon might write something for me to read-I think
  he would, oh, I think he would, if you would only ask him, for he always was so
  brave and so forgiving-tell him then (but not else), that when I hear the wind
  blowing at night, I feel as if it was passing angrily from seeing him and uncle,
  and was going up to God against me. Tell him that if I was to die to-morrow
  (and oh, if I was fit, I would be so glad to die !) I would bless him and uncle with
  my last words, and pray for his happy home with my last breath !"
   Some money was inclosed in this letter also. Five pounds. I t was
untouched like the previous sum, and he refolded it in the same way.
Detailed instructions were added relative to the address of a reply, which,
although they betrayed the intervention of several hands, and made it
difficult to arrive at any very probable conclusion in reference to her place
of concealment, made it at least not unlikely that she had written from
that spot where she was stated to have been seen.
   "What answer was sent ? " I inquired of Mr. Peggotty.
   " Missis Gummidge," he returned, "not being a good scholar, sir, Ham
kindly drawed it out, and she made a copy on it. They told her I was
gone to seek her, and what my parting words was."
   " I s that another letter in your hand ? " said I.
   " I t ' s money, sir," said Mr. Pe~gotty,unfolding it a little way. " Ten
pound, you see. And wrote inslde, 'Prom a true friend,' like the first.
But the first was put underneath the door, and this come by the post, day
afore yesterday. I 'm a going to seek her at the post-mark."
   He showed it to me. I t was a town on the Upper Rhine. H e had
