                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

with great disturbance and agitation, naturally, and that's the figure,
or the simile, or whatever it's called, which he chooses to use. And why
shouldn't he, if he thinks proper ! "
   I said : " Certainly, aunt."
   " It's not a business-like way of speaking," said my aunt, "nor a
worldly way. I am aware of that; and that's the reason why I insist
upon it, that there shan't be a word about it in his Memorial."
   " I s it a Memorial about his own history that he is writing, aunt? "
   "Yes, child," said my aunt, rubbing her nose again. "He is memo-
rialising the Lord Chancellor, or the Lord Somebody or other-one of
those people, at all events, who are paid to be memorialised-about his
affairs. I suppose it will go in, one of these days. He hasn't been able
to draw it up yet, without introducing that mode of expressing himself;
but it don't signify; it keeps him employed."
   I n fact, I found out afterwards that Mr. Dick had been for upwards of
ten years endeavouring to keep King Charles the First out of the Memorial;
but he had been constantly getting into it, and was there now.
   " I say again," said my aunt, " nobody knows what that man's mind is
except myself; and he 's the most amenable and friendly creature in exist-
ence. If he likes to fly a kite sometimes, what of that ! Franklin used to
fly a kite. He was a Quaker, or something of that sort, if I am not mis-
taken. And a Quaker flying a kite is a much more ridiculous object than
anybody else."
   I f I could have supposed that my aunt had recounted these particulars
for my especial behoof, and as a piece of confidence in me, I should have
felt very much distinguished, and should have augured favourably from
such a mark of her good opinion. But I could hardly help observing
that she had launched into them, chiefly because the question was raised
in her own mind, and with very little reference to me, though she had
addressed herself to me in the absence of anybody else.
   At the same time, I must say that the generosity of her championship
of poor harmless Mr. Dick, not only inspired my young breast with some
selfish hope for myself, but warmed it unselfishly towards her. I believe
that I began to know that there was something about my aunt, notwith-
standing her many eccentricities and odd humours, to be honored and
trusted in. Though she was just as sharp that day, as on the day before,
and was in and out about the donkeys just as often, and was thrown into
a tremendous state of indignation, when a young man, going by, ogled
Janet at a window (which was one of the gravest misdemeanors that
could be committed against my aunt's dignity), she seemed to me to
command more of my respect, if not less of my fear.
   The anxiety I underwent, in the interval which necessarily elapsed
before a reply could be received to her letter to Mr. Murdstone, was
extreme ; but I made an endeavour to suppress it, and to be as agreeable
as I could in a quiet way, both to my aunt and Mr. Dick. The latter and
I would have gone out to fly the great kite; but that I had still no other
clothes than the anything but ornamental garments with which I had been
decorated on the iirst day, and which confined me to the house, except for
an hour after dark, when my aunt, for my health's sake, paraded me up
and down on the cliff outside, before going to bed. At length the reply
from Mr. Murdstone came, and my aunt informed me, to my infinite
                                   L2
