386           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

and his right arm flourishing above his head, Traddles, as Mr. Pitt,
Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Burke, Lord Castlereagh, Viscount Sidmouth,
or Mr. Canning, would work himself into the most violent heats, and
deliver the most withering denunciations of the profligacy and corruption
of my aunt and Mr. Dick; while I used to sit, at a little distance, with
my note-book on my knee, fagging after him with all my might and main.
The inconsistency and recklessness of Traddles were not to be exceeded
by any real politician. He was for any description of policy, in the com-
pass of a week; and nailed all sorts of colours to every denomination of
mast. My aunt, looking very like an immoveable Chancellor of the
Exchequer, would occasionally throw in an interruption or two, as "Hear !"
or "No ! " or " Oh ! " when the text seemed to require it : which was
always a signal to Mr. Dick (a perfect country gentleman) to follow lustily
with the same cry. But Mr. Dick got taxed with such things in the
course of his Parliamentary career, and was made responsible for such
awful consequences, that he became uncomfortable in his mind some-
times. I believe he actually began to be afraid he really had been doing
something, tending to the annihilation of the British constitution, and the
ruin of the country.
   Often and often we pursued these debates until the clock pointed to
midnight, and the candles were burning down. The result of so much
good practice was, that by-and-by I began to keep pace with Traddles
pretty well, and should have been quite triumphant if I had had the least
idea what my notes were about. But, as to reading them after I had got
them, I might as well have copied the Chinese inscriptions on an immense
collection of tea-chests, or the golden characters on all the great red and
green bottles in the chemists' shops !
   There was nothing for it, hut to turn back and begin all over again.
It was very hard, but I turned back, though with a heavy heart, and began
laboriously and methodically to plod over the same tedious ground at a
snail's pace; stopping to examine minutely every speck in the way, on
all sides, and making the most desperate efforts to know these elusive
characters by sight wherever I met them. I was always punctual at the
office; at the Doctor's too : and I really did work, as the common expres-
sion is, like a cart-horse.
   One day, when I went to the Commons as usual, I found Mr. Spenlow
in the doorway looking extremely grave, and talking to himself. As he
was in the habit of complaining of pains in his head-he had naturally a
short throat, and I do seriously believe he overstarched himself-I      was
at first alarmed by the idea that he was not quite right in that direction;
but he soon relieved my uneasiness.
   Instead of returning my " Good morning" with his usual affability, he
looked at me in a distant, ceremonious manner, and coldly requested me
to accompany him to a certain coffee-house, which, in those days, had a
door opening into the Commons, just within the little archway in St. Paul's
churchyard. I complied, in a very uncomfortable state, and with a warm
shooting all over me, as if my apprehensions were breaking out into buds.
When I allowed him to go on a little before, on account of the narrowness
of the way, I observed that he carried his head with a lofty air that was
particularly unpromising; and my mind misgave me that he had found
out about my darling Dora.
