4                                                   ADVERTISEMENTS.


COPY YOUR LETTERS.
                            No man of business should write a letter, or transmit any
                          document of importance, without keeplng a copy of it. The
                          add~tionallabourof copylng by hand, caused by the introduc-
                          tion of cheap postage, may be entirely saved; a s twenty
                          letters may be copied m five minutes; by WATERZOW   & SONS

                                  Improved Patent Copying Nachines,
    The Working Parts manufactured of Steel, and finished with the greatest accuracy.
                    I    Lever
                        lachne.    /      Screw
                                         Yachine.
                                                     /   1st quality, Screw Mach. ' Mahogany
                                                           Screw.     wrt. Iron beam.1 Tables.         / Copying
                                                                                                 1 D$?i2.g       Books,
                                                                                                            Type-Paged.
                                                                                                           4%




      The above ~ r k s s e salthough lower in ;rice than those of any other manzlfacturer, are all warranted, and
             will be im&ediately exchanged, or the money returned, if any fault 1s discovered.
                                       W A T E R L O W & SONS,
    d¶flanufacturing Stationers, Bvinkts, %it@og~apfieztr,
                                                        anb @ngrabev%,
                                   65,   66, 67, & 68, LONDON WALL, LONDON.

                                                                                                                 -



         I
                                                           usr;
                                                           USE
                  KIRBY,BEARD &c??
          RE;PLUS ULTRA NEEDtB,
        // WITH LARGE DRILLED EYES.
                Sold bv every Draper,&c. in the United Kingdom.

T0         secure Nousehold                 Linen and
       Wearing Apparel against Loss or Mistake, use
    BOND'S PERMANENT MARKING INK,
The Original, and by f a r the best, requiring no
preparatlon.
  Prepared by the Inventor. JOHN BOND 28 Long
Lane, West Smithfleld. City, and sold by &o& Che-
mists, Stationers. and Medicine Vendors.
              Price One Shilling a bottle.

For Purifying the Blood and Strength-
     ening the Digestive Organs.
      RENCH'SSARSAPA~ILLAAND
        CHAMOMILE. a concentrated Fluid Extract of
these well known vkluable Medicines. I t is suited
for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-
 gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
Fits, Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,
Rheumatic and Nervous Affections, and all Impurities
of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too sedentary
a life, dissipation, and other causes. However debili-
                                                                 /     SOLD   BY ALL   ESTABLISHED MEDICINE     VENDORS.

tated the system, or deep-rooted the disease, by the
 diligent use of this purifying Medicine the energies
of the whole nervous system will be augmented, a
                                                                     LOCOCK'S FEMALE PILLS.
more powerful and healthy action of every faculty                                         PRICE IS. Idd.
produced, and feebleness, and all the deplorable                     A single trial of this Medicine ever proves it "the
symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength and                    Best and Safest Medicine for Ladies." Imitation in
health be restored to the feeble and affticted by its                fanciful shapes and all counterfeits, must be guarded
restorative properties.-Prepared        only by W. A.                against, by observing the words "Locock's Female
FRENCH,30% Holborn, two doors west of Chancery-                      Pills," engraved on the government stamp of the
lane. Price 2s. gd., 4s. 6d., 11s.. and 225.                         original medicine, and pasted outside each box.


BALSAM COPAIBA,                            and all other medicines of a nauseous character may
       now he taken without inconvenience, by means of the PATENT ORGANIC CAPSULES. These Ca]~sules
will be found superior to those made with Gelatiue. They remain entire until they have passed through the stomach
into the intestines; and the medicine being efficiently brought in contact with the organs it is intended to
affect, the usual nausea and unpleasant eructations are avoided. EVANS& LESCHER,London, Patentees; and
all Medicine Vendors throughout the kingdom.
                                     *+* Ask for the Patent Plexible Capsules.
