300            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

nod, and a smile, and the remark that he would be glad to see the old fellow
too, for he had always been an odd fish, inquired if I could give him any-
thing to eat? During most of this short dialogue, when he had not been
speaking in a wild vivacious manner, he had sat idly beating on the lump
of coal with the poker. I observed that he did the same thing while I
was getting out the remains of the pigeon-pie, and so forth.
    " Why, Daisy, here 's a supper for a king ! " he exclaimed, starting out
of his silence with a burst, and taking his seat at the table. " I shall do
it justice, for I have come from Yarmouth."
    "I thought you came from Oxford? " I returned.
    " Not I, " said Steerforth.   " I have been seafaring-better    employed."
    " Littimer was here to-day, to inquire for you," I remarked, " and I

understood him that you were at Oxford ; though, now I think of it, he
certainly did not say so."
    " Littimer is a greater fool than I thought him, to have been inquiring

for me at all," said Steerforth, jovially pouring out a glass of wine, and
drinking to me. "As to understanding him, you are a cleverer fellow
than most of us, Daisy, if you can do that."
    " That's true, indeed," said I, moving my chair to the table. " SO
you have been at Yarmouth, Steerforth! " interested to know all about it.
" Have you been there long ? "

    " No," he returned. " An escapade of a week or so."
    "And how are they all? Of course, little Emily is not married yet ? "
    "Not yet. Going to be, I believe-in so many weeks, or months, or
something or other. I have not seen much of 'em. By-the-by ;" he
laid down his knife and fork, which he had been using with great dili-
gence, and began feeling in his pockets ; " I have a letter for you."
    " From whom ? "
    "Why, from your old nurse," he returned, taking some papers out of
his breast pocket. " ' J. Steerforth, Esquire, debtor, to the Willing
Mind; ' that's not it. Patience, and we '11 find it presently. Old what's-
his-name's in a bad way, and it's about that, I believe."
    " Barkis, do you mean? "
    "Yes ! " still feeling in his pockets, and looking over their contents :
 " it's all over with poor Barltis, I am afraid.      I saw a little apothecary
there-surgeon, or whatever he is-who brought your worship into the
world. H e was mighty learned about the case, to me ; but the upshot of
his opinion was, that the carrier was making his last journey rather fast.-
Put your hand into the breast pocket of my great coat on the chair yonder,
and I think you 1' 1 find the letter. I s it there ? "
    " Here it is ! " said I.

    " That's right ! "

    I t was from Peggotty ; something less legible than usual, and brief. I t
informed me of her husband's hopeless state, and hinted at his being
 " a little nearer " than heretofore,    and consequently more difficult to
manage for his own comfort. I t said nothing of her weariness and watch-
ing, and praised him highly. I t was written with a plain, unaffected,
 homely piety that I knew to be genuine, and ended with " my duty to my
 ever darling "-meaning myself.
    Vhile I deciphered it, Steerforth continued to eat and drink.
