164            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Mama has been dead ever since I was born," she said, in her quiet
way. "I only know her picture, down stairs. I saw you looking at it
yesterday. Did you think whose it was? "
    I told her yes, because it was so like herself.
      Papa says so, too," said Agnes, pleased. " Hark ! That's papa now ! "
    Her bright calm face lighted up with pleasure as she went to meet him,
and as they came in, hand in hand. He greeted me cordially; and told
me I should certainly be happy under Doctor Strong, who was one of the
gentlest of men.
    "There may be some, perhaps-I don't know that there are-who
abuse his kindness," said Mr. Wickfield. "Never be one of those,
Trotwood, in anything. He is the least suspicious of mankind; and
whether that's a merit, or whether it's a blemish, it deserves consideration
in all dealings with the Doctor, great or small."
    H e spoke, I thought, as if he were weary, or dissatisfied with something ;
but I did not pursue the question in my mind, for dinner was just then
announced, and we went down and took the same seats as before.
    We had scarcely done so, when Uriah Heep put in his red head and his
lank hand at the door, and said :
    " Here's Mr. Maldon begs the favor of a word, sir."
    " I am but this moment quit of Mr. Maldon," said his master.
    "Yes, sir," returned Uriah ; "but Mr. Maldon has come back, and he
begs the favor of a word."
    As he held the door open with his hand, Uriah looked at me, and looked at
Agnes, and looked at the dishes, and looked at the plates, andlooked at every
object in the room,I thought,-yet seemed to look at nothing; he made such
an appearance all the while of keeping his red eyes dutifully on his master.
    " I beg your pardon. I t ' s only to say, on reflection," observed a voice
behind Uriah, as Uriah's head was pushed away, and the speaker's sub-
 stituted-" pray excuse me for this intrusion-that as it seems I have no
 choice in the matter, the sooner I go abroad, the better. My cousin
 Annie did say, when we talked of it, that she liked to have her friends
within reach rather than to have them banished, and the old Doctor-"
     " Doctor Strong, was that ? " Mr. Wickfield interposed, gravely.
     " Doctor Strong of course," returned the other ; " I call him the old
Doctor-it 's all the same, you know."
     " I don't know," returned Mr. Wickfield.

     "Well, Doctor Strong," said the other-" Doctor Strong was of the
 same mind, I believed. But as it appears from the course you take with
 me that he has changed his mind, why there's no more to be said, except
 that the sooner I am off, the better. Therefore, I thought I ' d come back
 and say, that the sooner I am off, the better. When a plunge is to be
 made into the water, it's of no use lingering on the bank."
     " There shall be as little lingering as possible, in your case, Mr. Maldon,
 you may depend upon it," said Mr. Wickfield.
     " Thank'ee," said the other. " Much obliged. I don't want to look
 a gift-horse in the mouth, which is not a gracious thing to do ; otherwise,
 I dare say, my cousin Annie could easily arrange it in her own way. I
 suppose Annie would only have to say to the old Doctor-"
     " Meaning that Mrs. Strong would only have to say to her husband-

 do I follow you? " said Mr. Wickfield.
