  2                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.


                       Now Publishing, in Monthly Numbers, price Is, each,
         With Illlcstratiolts on Steel and Wood by the Author, to be completed in Twewty Numbers,


                              PENDENNIS.
                                        BY W. M. THACKERAY.
                     AUTHOR OF      " VANITY   FAIR,"   " THE GREAT HOGGARTY                 DIAMOND)" ETC. ETC.

                                BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.

                                           Jwt Published, price 2s. 6d.,
                       Some Bccoultt of toe Zife an'rr Bbbentuzea o f
         S I R REGINALD NOHUN.
                          Done in Verse by GEORGE JOHN CAYLEY.
                                                    CANTO FIRST.

    "Decidedly the best attempt of its kind since                    "Contains a vivid a n d livelvnieture of fashionable
  'Beppo,'and has the advantage even of that, and its             life in the country, evidentfy'copied direct from
 brilliant successor 'Don Juan,' in presenting us (so             natore."-Mnminp
                                                                  ....~      ..... ... . Hernld.
 far as i t proceeds) withal1 the best attributes of those              is P ~ r ~ e; ;Pj t ht ~~i i d~i c~u l o u eis only equalled
 famous works, without any of their blighting bitter-             by 111sknowledge of those chords of the heart, wl~ich
 ness and satanic scorn."-Court Journad.                          vibrate when touched by the master hand."-Morning
    "There is certainly a great liveliness and versatility        Post.
 in Mr.Cayleyls Muse-occasionally much vigour, and                   "From this first published specimen of his Muse,
 some really exquisite touches of pathos; but the                 we have every reason t o believe that a new star
 most striking point is the absence of all appearance             has arisen above the horizon of our literature."-
 of effort or affectation."-Literary   Gaaette.                   Critic.

                                   WILLIAM PICKERING, 177. PICCADILLY,

                                            Now Ready)price 10s. 6d.,
THE ART OF ETCHING ON COPPER AND STEEL.
                                      BY ALFRED ASHLEY.
            ILLUSTRATED WITH FOURTEEN ETCHINGS BY THE AUTHOR.
                                   ELEQANTLY BOUND      1N A      COVER DESIQNED BY
                                             O W E N J O N E S , ESQ.
                                        PRINTED I N GOLD AND COLOURS,

                      LONDON : J. 81. D. A. DARLING, 126, BISHOPSGATE STREET.

                                      RAILWAY LIBRARY.
C O O P E R ' S N O V E L S F O R O N E S H I L L I N G (by Post One Shilling and
     Sixpence). Each Volume contains a complete Novel, printed with a clear type, on good paper, and
bound in fancy boards.
            THE SPY.-THE PIONEERS.
            LIONEL LINCOLN.                                  I    LAST OF THE MOHICANS.
                                                                  THE RED ROVER.
                    JANE SINCLAIR, and the DARK DAY, by WILLIAM CARLETON.
                            To be followed by other equally popular Works.
          LONDON : GEO. ROUTLEDGE & CO., SOH0 SQUARE, AND ALL BOOKSELLERS.

      THE GREAT PICTURE FRAME MART,                              Fancy Fairs for Benevolent purposes, Horticultural
              63, FLEETSTREET.                                     F&tes, Parochial Dinners, Anniversary Festivals,
                                                                  and Bean Feasts.
F O L L I T ' S New Style OF O R N A -
        MENTAL PICTURE FRAMES is superior to                     Q T E W A R D S AND C O M M I T T E E S ,
any known invention, being imperishable from any                 fl      conducting the above Entertainments, are
destructive cause, and a t considerably reduced prices.          politely invited t o visit HIGHBURY BARN. It is
A few best plate Looking Glasses, a little soiled, a t           universally admitted by the Patrons of the beautiful
half price. Cheapest house in the kingdom for House              and extensive Suite of Rooms, and Gardens, apper-
Bordering, Cornices, Console Tables, Fancy Wood                  tainine t o the above Establishment, that n o other
and other Mouldings in the length Frames in the                  localitly in the neighbonrhood of London is so
Cornpo, &c. Rrc.. of the best man&acture.-priced                 admirably adapted for such Rbnnions. Wedding,
Sheets of New Designs, gratis.-WILLIAM FOLLIT,                   and other Private Parties, will find elegant and com-
Working Carver and Gilder, 63,Fleet Street. Observe!             fortable Dining and withdrawing-rooms.
Corner of Bouverie Street.                                                      Proprietor, ARCHIBALD HINTON.
