368           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

I don't know how much. I n this state, I went into a cottage that I saw
was to let, and examined it narrowly,-for I felt it necessary to be prac-
tical. I t would do for me and Dora admirably : with a little front garden
for Jip to run about in, and bark at the tradespeople through the railings,
and a capital room up-stairs for my aunt. I came out again, hotter and
faster than ever, and dashed up to Highgate, at such a rate that I was
there an hour too early ; and, though I had not been, should have been
obliged to stroll about to cool myself, before I was at all presentable.
   My first care, after putting myself under this necessary course of pre-
paration, was to find the Doctor's house. I t was not in that part of
Highgate where Mrs. Steerforth lived, but quite on the opposite side of
the little town. When I had made this discovery, I went back, in an
attraction I could not resist, to a lane by Mrs. Steerforth's, and looked
over the corner of the garden wall. His room was shut up close. The
conservatory doors were standing open, and Kosa Dartle was walking,
bareheaded, with a quick, impetuous step, up and down a gravel walk on
one side of the lawn. She gave me the idea of some fierce thing, that was
dragging the length of its chain to and fro upon a beaten track, and
wearing its heart out.
   I came softly away from my place of observation, and avoiding that
part of the neighbourhood, and wishing I had not gone near it, strolled
about until it was ten o'clock. The church with the slender spire, that
stands on the top of the hill now, was not there then to tell me the time.
An old red-brick mansion, used as a school, was in its place ; and a fine
old house it must have been to go to school at, as I recollect it.
   When I approached the Doctor's cottage-a pretty old place, on which
he seemed to have expended some money, if I might judge from the
embellishments and repairs that had the look of being just completed-
I saw him walking in the garden at the side, gaiters and all, as if he had
never left off walking since the days of my pupilage. He had his old
companions about him, too ; for there were plenty of high trees in the
neighbourhood, and too or three rooks were on the grass, looking after
him, as if they had been written to about him by the Canterbury rooks,
and were observing him closely in consequence.
   Knowing the utter hopelessness of attracting his attention from that
distance, I made bold to open the gate, and walk after him, so as to meet
him when he should turn round. When he did, and came towards me, he
looked at me thoughtfully for a few moments, evidently without thinking
about me at all ; and then his benevolent face expressed extraordinary plea-
sure, and he took me by both hands.
   "Why, my dear Copperfield," said the Doctor; " youare a man ! How
do you do ? I am delighted to see you. My dear Copperfield, how very
much you have improved ! You are quite-yes-dear          me ! "
   I hoped he was well, and Mrs. Strong too.
   " Oh dear, yes ! " said the Doctor ; " Annie 's quite well, and she '11 be

delighted to see you. You were always her favorite. She said so,
last night, when I showed her your letter. And-yes to be sure-you
recollect Mr. Jack Maldon, Copperfield? "
    " Perfectly, sir."

    " Of course," said the Doctor.  " To be sure. He 's pretty well, too."
    " Has he come home, sir ? " I inquired.
