384            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

supply, in some natures, the place of years, and I will be as plain with
you as if I were a Lady Abbess. No. The suggestion is not appropriate
to our Dora. Our dearest Dora is a favorite child of nature. She is a
thing of light, and airiness, and joy. I am free to confess that if it could
be done, it might be well, but-"        And Miss Mills shook her head.
    I was encouraged by this closing admission on the part of Miss Mills
to ask her, whether, for Dora's sake, if she had any opportunity of luring
her attention to such preparations for an earnest life, she would avail
herself of i t ? Miss Mills replied in the affirmative so readily, that I
further asked her if she would take charge of the Cookery Book ; and, if
she ever could insinuate it upon Dora's acceptance, without frightening
her, undertake to do me that crowning service. Miss Mills accepted this
trust, too ; but was not sanguine.
    And Dora returned, looking such a lovely little creature, that I really
donbted whether she ought to be troubled with anything so ordinary.
And she loved me so much, and was so captivating, (particularly when she
made Jip stand on his hind legs for toast, and when she pretended to
hold that nose of his against the hot tea-pot for punishment because he
wouldn't), that I felt like a sort of Monster who had got into a Fairy's
bower, when I thought of having frightened her, and made her cry.
    After tea we had the guitar; and Dora sang those same dear old
French songs about the impossibility of ever on any account leaving off
 dancing, La ra la, La ra la, until I felt a much greater Monster than
before.
    We had only one check to our pleasure, and that happened a little
 while before I took my leave, when, Miss Mills chancing to make some
 allusion to to-morrow morning, I unluckily let out that being obliged to
 exert myself now, I got up at five o'clock. Whether Dora had any idea
that I was a Private Watchman, I am unable to say; but it made a great
impression on her, and she neither playednor sang any more.
    I t was still on her mind when I bade her adieu ; and she said to me, in
 her pretty coaxing way-as if I were a doll, I used to think !
    " Now don't get up at five o'clock, you naughty boy. I t ' s so non-
sensical ! "
    '' My love," said I, " I have work to do."
    " But don't do it ! " returned Dora. " Why should you? "
    I t was impossible to say to that sweet little surprised face, otherwise
than lightly and playfully, that we must work, to live.
    " Oh ! How ridiculous ! " cried Dora.
    " How shall we live without, Dora? " said I.

    " How ? Any how ! " said Dora.
    She seemed to think she had quite settled the question, and gave me
such a triumphant little kiss, direct from her innocent heart, that I would
 hardly have put her out of conceit with her answer, for a fortune.
    Well ! I loved her, and I went on loving her, most absorbingly, entirely,
 and completely. But going on, too, working pretty hard, and busily
 keeping red-hot all the irons I now had in the fire, I would sit sometimes
 of a night, opposite my aunt, thinking how I had frightened Dora that
 time, and how I could best make my way with a guitar-case through the
 forest of difficulty, until I used to fancy that my head was turning quite
 grey.
