288           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  was overcome by it, and was taken so unwell, that Mr. Micawber was
  obliged, in great trepidation, to run down to the water-butt in the
 back yard, and draw a basinful to lave her brow with. She presently
 revived, however, and was really pleased to see me. We had half-an-
 hour's talk, all together; and I asked her about the twins, who, she said,
 were " grown great creatures; " and after Master and Miss Micawber,
 whom she described as " absolute giants," but they were not produced
 on that occasion.
    Mr. Micawber was very anxious that I should stay to dinner. I
 should not have been averse to do so, but that I imagined I detected
 trouble, and calculation relative to the extent of the cold meat, in Mrs.
 Micawber's eye. I therefore pleaded another engagement ; and observing
 that Mrs. Micawber's spirits were immediately lightened, I resisted all
persuasion to forego it.
    But I told Traddles, and Mr. and Mrs. Micawber, that before I could
think of leaving, they must appoint a day when they would come and dine
with me. The occupations to which Traddles stood pledged, rendered it
necessary to fix a somewhat distant one ; but an appointment was made for
the purpose, that suited us all, and then I took my leave.
    Mr. Micawber, under pretence of showing me a nearer way than that by
which I had come, accompanied me to the corner of the street; being
anxious (he explained to me) to say a few words to an old friend, in
 confidence.
    " My dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, " I need hardly tell you
that to have beneath our roof, under existing circumstances, a mind like
that which gleams-if I may be allowed the expression-which gleams-
in your friend Traddles, is an unspeakable comfort. With a washerwoman,
who exposes hard-bake for sale in her parlor-window, dwelling next
 door, and a Bow-street officer residing over the way, you may imagine
that his society is a source of consolation to myself and to Mrs. Micawber.
I am at present, my dear Copperfield, engaged in the sale of corn upon
commission. I t is not an avocation of a remunerative description-in other
words it does aot pay-and some temporary embarrassments of a pecu-
niary nature have been the consequence. I am, however, delighted to add
that I have now an immediate prospect of something turning up (I am
not at liberty to say in what direction), which I. trust will enable me to
provide, permanently, both for myself and for your friend Traddles, in
whom I have an unaffected interest. You may, perhaps, be prepared to
hear that Mrs. Micawber is in a state of health which renders it not
wholly improbablethat an addition may be ultimately made to those pledges
of affection which-in short, to the infantine group. Mrs. Micawber's
family have been so good as to express their dissatisfaction with this state
of things. I have merely to observe, that I am not aware it is any
business of theirs, and that I repel that exhibition of feeling with scorn,
and with defiance ! "
    Mr. Micawber then shook hands with me again, and left me.
