                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             '13
    " I apprehend, if you come to that," said Mr. Creakle, with his veins
swelling again bigger than ever, "that you 've been in a wrong position
altogether, and mistook this for a charity school. Mr. Mell, we 1' 1 part if
you please. The sooner the better."
    "There is no time," answered Mr. Mell, rising, "like the present."
    " Sir, to you ! " said Mr. Creakle.
    "I take my leave of you, Mr. Creakle, and of all of you," said Mr.
 Mell, glancing round the room, and again patting me gently on the
 shoulder. "James Steerforth, the best wish I can leave you is that you
 may come to be ashamed of what you have done to-day. At present I
 would prefer to see you anything rather than a friend, to me, or to any
 one in whom I feel an interest."
    Once more he laid his hand upon my shoulder; and then taking his
 flute and a few books from his desk, and leaving the key in it for his
 successor, he went out of the school, with his property under his arm.
 Mr. Creakle then made a speech, through Tungay, in which he thanked
 Steerforth for asserting (though perhaps too warmly) the independence
 and respectability of Salem House ; and which he wound up by shaking
 hands with Steerforth, while we gave three cheers-I did not quite know
 what for, but I supposed for Steerforth, and so joined in them ardently,
 though I felt miserable. Mr. Creakle then caned Tommy Traddles for
 being discovered in tears, instead of cheers, on account of Mr. Mell's depar-
 ture; and went back to his sofa, or his bed, or wherever he had come
from.
    We were left to ourselves now, and looked very blank, I recollect, on
one another. For myself, I felt so much self-reproach and contrition
for my part in what had happened, that nothing would have enabled me
to keep back my tears but the fear that Steerforth, who often looked at me,
I saw, might think it unfriendly-or, I should rather say, considering our
relative ages, and the feeling with which I regarded him, undutiful-if I
showed the emotion which distressed me. He was very angry with
Traddles, and said he was glad he had caught it.
    Poor Traddles, who had passed the stage of lying with his head upon
the desk, and was relieving himself as usual with a burst of skeletons, said
he didn't care. Mr. Me11 was ill-used.
    "Who has ill-used him, you girl ? " said Steerforth.
    "Why, you have," returned Traddles.
    "What have I done? " said Steerforth.
    "What have you done ? " retorted Traddles. " Hurt his feelings, and
lost him his situation."
    " His feelings ! " repeated Steerforth disdainfully.    " His feelings will
soon get the better of it, I ' l l be bound. His feelings are not like yours,
Miss Traddles. As to his situation-which was a precious one, wasn't
it ?-do you suppose I am not going to write home, and take care that he
gets some money ? Polly ? "
    We thought this intention very noble in Steerforth, whose mother was
a widow, and rich, and would do almost anything, it was said, that he
asked her. We were all extremely glad to see Traddles so put down, and
exalted Steerforth to the skies : especially when he told us, as he con-
descended to do, that what he had done had been done expressly for us, and
