238           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  " I never heard her name," said I. "I didn't mean to interrupt you."
    " For the matter o' that, Mas'r Davy," replied Ham, " all's told a'most

in them words, ' Em'ly, Em'ly, for Christ's sake have a woman's heart
towards me. I was once like you! ' She wanted to speak to Em'ly.
Em'ly couldn't speak to her theer, for her loving uncle was come home,
and he wouldn't-no, Mas'r Davy," said Ham, with great earnestness,
"he couldn't, kind-naturd, tender-hearted as he is, see them two toge-
ther, side by side, for all the treasures that's wrecked in the sea."
    I felt how true this was. I knew it, on the instant, quite as well as
Ham.
    " SO Em'ly writes in pencil on a bit of paper," he pursued, " and gives

it to her out o' winder to bring here. 'Show that,' she says, ' to my aunt,
Mrs. Barkis, and she'll set you down by her fire, for the love of me, till
uncle is gone out, and I can come.' By-and-by she tells me what I tell you,
Mas'r Davy, and asks me to bring her. What can I do ? She doen't ought
to know any such, but I can't deny her, when the tears is on her face."
    H e put his hand into the breast of his shaggy jacket, and took out with
great care a pretty little purse.
    " And if I could deny her when the tears was on her face, Mas'r Davy,"
said Ham, tenderly adjusting it on the rough palm of his hand, "how
could I deny her when she give me this to carry for her-knowing what
she brought it for? Such a toy as it is ! " said Ham, thoughtfully
looking on it. "With such alittle money in it, Em'ly my dear ! "
    I shook him warmly by the hand when he had put it away again-for
that was more satisfactory to me than saying anything-and we walked up
and down, for a minute or two, in silence. The door opened then, and
Peggotty appeared, beckoning to Ham to come in. I would have kept
away, but she came after me, entreating me to come in too. Even then,
I would have avoided the room where they all were, but for its being the
neat-tiled kitchen I have mentioned more than once. The door opening
immediately into it, I found myself among them, before I considered
whither I was going.
    The girl-the same I had seen upon the sands-was near the fire. She
was sitting on the ground, with her head and one arm lying on a chair.
I fancied, from the disposition of her figure, that Em'ly had but newly risen
from the chair, and that the forlorn head might perhaps have been lying on
her lap. I saw but little of the girl's face, over which her hair fell loose
and scattered, as if she had been disordering it with her own hands ; but
I saw that she was young, and of a fair complexion. Peggotty had been
crying. So had little Em'ly. Not a word was spoken when we first went
i n ; and the Dutch clock by the dresser seemed, in the silence, to tick
twice as loud as usual.
    Em'ly spoke first.
    " Martha wants," she said to Ham, " t o go to London."
    "Why to London?" returned Ham.
    H e stood between them, looking on the prostrate girl with a mixture of
compassion for her, and of jealousy of her holding any companionship with
her whom he loved so well, which I have always remembered distinctly.
They both spoke as if she were ill; in a soft, suppressed tone that was
plainly heard, although it hardly rose above a whisper.
    " Better there than here," said a third voice aloud-Martha's, though
