28            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   Of course I was in love with little Em'ly. I am sure Iloved that baby
quite as truly, quite as tenderly, with greater purity, and more disinterest-
edness, than can enter into the best love of a later time of life, high and
ennobling as it is. I am sure my fancy raised up something round that
blue-eyed mite of a child, which etherealised, and made a very angel of
her. If, any sunny forenoon, she had spread a little pair of wings and
flown away before my eyes, I don't think I should have regarded it as
much more than I had had reason to expect.
   We used to walk about that dim old flat at Yarmouth in a loving
manner, hours and hours. The days sported by us, as if Time had not
grown up himself yet, but were a child too, and always at play. I told
Em'ly I adored her, and that unless she confessed she adored me I should
be reduced to the necessity of killing myself with a sword. She said she
did, and I have no doubt she did.
   As to any sense of inequality, or youthfulness, or other difficulty in our
way, little Em'ly and I had no such trouble, because we had no future.
We made no more provision for growing older, than we did for growing
younger. We were the admiration of Mrs. Gummidge and Peggotty, who
used to whisper of an evening when we sat, lovingly, on our little locker
side by side, " Lor ! wasn 't it beautiful ! " Mr. Peggotty smiled at us
from behind his pipe, and Ham grinned all the evening and did nothing
else. They had something of the sort of pleasure in us, I suppose,
that they might have had in a pretty toy, or a pocket model of the
Colosseum.
   I soon found out that Mrs. Gummidge did not always make herself
so agreeable as she might have been expected to do, under the cir-
cumstances of her residence with Mr. Peggotty. Mrs. Gummidge's was
rather a fretful disposition, and she whimpered more sometimes than
was comfortable for other parties in so small an establishment. I was
very sorry for her ; but there were moments when it would have been
more agreeable, I thought, if Mrs. Gummidge had had a convenient
apartment of her own to retire to, and had stopped there until her spirits
revived.
   Mr. Peggotty went occasionally to a public house called The Willing
Mind. I discovered this, by his being out on the second or third evening
of our visit, and by Mrs. Gummidge's looking up at the dutch clock,
between eight and nine, and saying he was there, and that, what was
more, she had known in the morning he would go there.
   Mrs. Gummidge had been in a low state all day, and had burst into
tears in the forenoon, when the fire smoked. "I am a lone lorn creetur',"
were Mrs. Gummidge's words, when that unpleasant occurrence took
place, "and everythink goes contrairy with me."
   " Oh, it 1' 1 soon leave off," said Peggotty-I again mean our Peggotty
-" and besides, you know, it's not more disagreeable to you than to us."
   " I feel it more," said Mrs. Gnmmidge.
   I t was a very cold day, with cutting blasts of wind. Mrs. Gummidge's
peculiar corner of the fireside seemed to me to be the warmest and
snuggest in the place, as her chair was certainly the easiest, but it didn't
 suit her that day at all. She was constantly complaining of the cold, and
