                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           199
 telegraphing the Doctor as before, and refolding the letter, "it would be
insupportable to me to think of."
    Mr. Wickfield said not one word, though the old lady looked to him as
if for his commentary on this intelligence ; but sat severely silent, with his
 eyes fixed on the ground. Long after the subject was dismissed, and
 other topics occupied us, he remained so ; seldom raising his eyes, unless
to rest them for a moment, with a thoughtful frown, upon the Doctor, or
his wife, or both.
    The Doctor was very fond of music. Agnes sang with great sweetness
 and expression, and so did Mrs. Strong. They sang together, and played
 duets together, and we had quite a little concert. But I remarked two
 things : first, that though Annie soon recovered her composure, and was
 quite herself, there was a blank between her and Mr. Wickfield which sepa-
rated them wholly from each other ; secondly, that Mr. Wickfield seemed
 to dislike the intimacy between her and Agnes, and to watch it with
 uneasiness. And now, I must confess, the recollection of what I had seen
 on that night when Mr. Maldon went away, first began to return upon
 me with a meaning it had never had, and to trouble me. The innocent
 beauty of her face was not as innocent to me as it had been ; I mistrusted
 the natural grace and charm of her manner; and when I looked at Agnes
 by her side, and thought how good and true Agnes was, suspicions arose
 within me that it was an ill-assorted friendship.
     She was so happy in it herself, however, and the other was so happy
 too, that they made the evening fly away as if it were but an hour. It
 closed in an incident which I well remember. They were taking leave of
 each other, and Agnes was going to embrace her and kiss her, when Mr.
 Wickfield stepped between them, as if by accident, and drew Agnes quickly
 away. Then I saw, as though all the intervening time had been can-
  celled, and I were still standing in the doorway on the night of the
 departure, the expression of that night in the face of Mrs. Strong, as it
co&onted his.
    I cannot say what an impression this made upon me, or how impossible
I found it, when I thought of her afterwards, to separate her from this
look, and remember her face in its innocent loveliness again. I t haunted
me when I got home. I seemed to have left the Doctor's roof with a dark
cloud lowering on it. The reverence that I had for his grey head, was
mingled with commiseration for his faith in those who were treacherous
to him, and with resentment against those who injured him. The
 impending shadow of a great affliction, and a great disgrace that had no
distinct form in it yet, fell like a stain upon the quiet place where I had
worked and played as a boy, and did it a cruel wrong. I had no pleasure
in thinking, any more, of the grave old broad-leaved aloe-trees which
remained shut up in themselves a hundred years together, and of the trim
smooth grass-plot, and the stone urns, and the Doctor's walk, and the
congenial sound of the Cathedral bell hovering above them all. I t was as
if the tranquil sanctuary of my boyhood had been sacked before my face,
and its peace and honor given to the winds.
    But morning brought with it my parting from the old house, which
Agnes had filled with her influence ; and that occupied my mind suffi-
ciently. I should be there again soon, no doubt ; I might sleep again-
