90            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     She was very kind to me. She kept me there all day, and left me
alone sometimes ; and I cried, and wore myself to sleep, and awoke and
 cried again. When I could cry no more, I began to think; and then the
oppression on my breast was heaviest, and my grief a dull pain that there
was no ease for.
    And yet my thoughts were idle ; not intent on the calamity that weighed
upon my heart, but idly loitering near it. I thought of our house shut
up and hushed. I thought of the little baby, who, Mrs. Creakle said, had
been pining away for some time, and who, they believed, would die too.
I thought of my father's grave in the churchyard, by our house, and of
my mother lying there beneath the tree I knew so well. I stood upon
a chair when I was left alone, and looked into the glass to see how red
my eyes were, and how sorrowful my face. I considered, after some hours
were gone, if my tears were really hard to flow now, as they seemed to
be, what, in connexion with my loss, it would affect me most to think of
when I drew near home-for          I was going home to the funeral. I am
sensible of having felt that a dignity attached to me among the rest of
the boys, and that I was important in my affliction.
    If ever child were stricken with sincere grief, I was. But I remember
that this importance was a kind of satisfaction to me, when I walked in
the playground that afternoon while the boys were in school. When I
saw them glancing at me out of the windows, as they went up to their
classes, I felt distinguished, and looked more melancholy, and walked
slower. When school was over, and they came out and spoke to me, I
felt it rather good in myself not to be proud to any of them, and to take
exactly the same notice of them all, as before.
    I was to go home next night; not by the mail, but by the heavy night-
coach, which was called the Parmer, and was principally used by country-
people travelling short intermediate distances upon the road. We had no
story-telling that evening, and Traddles insisted on lending me his pillow.
I don't know what good he thought it would do me, for I had one of my
own : but it was all he had to lend, poor fellow, except a sheet of letter-
paper full of skeletons ; and that he gave me at parting, as a soother of my
sorrows and a contribution to my peace of mind.
    I left Salem House upon the morrow afternoon. I little thought then
that I left it, never to return. We travelled very slowly all night, and
did not get into Yarmouth before nine or ten o'clock in the morning.
I looked out for Mr. Barkis, but he was not there; and instead of him a
fat, short-winded, merry-looking, little old man in black, with rusty little
bunches of ribbons at the knees of his breeches, black stockings, and a
broad-brimmed hat, came puffing up to the coach window, and said :
    "Master Copperfield? "
    "Yes, sir."
    " Will you come with me, young sir, if you please," he said, opening
the door, " and I shall have the pleasure of taking you home."
    I put my hand in his, wondering who he was, and we walked away to
a shop in a narrow street, on which was written OMER,DRAPER,TAILOR,
HABERDASHER,       FUNERALFURNISHER,         &c. I t was a close and stifling
little shop ; full of all sorts of clothing, made and unmade, including one
window full of beaver-hats and bonnets. We went into a little back-
parlor behind the shop, where we found three young women at work on a
