                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           369
    " From India ? " said the Doctor.     " Yes. Mr. Jack Maldon couldn't
bear the climate, my dear. Mrs. Markleham-you           have not forgotten
Mrs. Markleham? "
   Forgotten the Old Soldier ! And in that short time !
   " Mrs. Markleham," said the Doctor, " was quite vexed about him,

poor thing ; so we have got him at home again; and we have bought him
a little Patent place, which agrees with him much better."
    I knew enough of Mr. Jack Maldon to suspect from this account that
it was a place where there was not much to do, and which was pretty well
paid. The Doctor, walking up and down with his hand on my shoulder,
and his kind face turned encouragingly to mine, went on :
    " Now, my dear Copperfield, in reference to this proposal of yours. I t ' s

very gratifying and agreeable to me, I am sure; but don't you think you
could do better? You achieved distinction, you know, when you were
with us. You are qualified for many good things. You have laid a
foundation that any edifice may be raised upon ; and is it not a pity that
you should devote the spring-time of your life to such a poor pursuit as I
can offer ? "
    I became very glowing again, and, expressing myself in a rhapsodical
 style, I am afraid, urged my request strongly ; reminding the Doctor that
 I had already a profession.
    " Well, well," returned the Doctor, " that's true. Certainly, your
having a profession, and being actually engaged in studying it, makes a
difference. But, my good young friend, what's seventy pounds a-year ? '
    " I t doubles our income, Doctor Strong," said I.
    " Dear me ! " replied the Doctor.     " To think of that !   Not that I
mean to say it's rigidly limited to seventy pounds a-year, because I have
always contemplated making any young friend I might thus employ, a
present too. Undoubtedly," said the Doctor, still walking me up and
down with his hand on my shoulder, " I have always taken an annual
present into account."
   " My dear tutor," said I (now, really, without any nonsense), " to whom

I owe more obligations already than I ever can acknowledge-"
   '' NO,no," interposed the Doctor. " Pardon me ! "
   " If you will take such time as I have, and that is my mornings and

evenings, and can think it worth seventy pounds a-year, you will do me
such a service as I cannot express."
    "Dear me ! " said the Doctor, innocently. " To think that so little
should go for so much ! Dear, dear ! And when you can do better, yon
will? On your word, now? " said the Doctor,-which he had always
made a very grave appeal to the honor of us boys.
    " On my word, sir ! " I returned, answering in our old school manner.
    " Then be it so ! " said the Doctor, clapping me on the shoulder, and

still keeping his hand there, as we still walked up and down.
    "And I shall be twenty times happier, sir," said I, with a little-I
hope innocent-flattery, "if my employment is to be on the Dictionary."
    The Doctor stopped, smilingly clapped me on the shoulder again, and
exclaimed, with a triumph most delightful to behold, as if I had penetrated
to the profoundest depths of mortal sagacity, " My dear young friend,
you have hit it. It IS the Dictionary ! "
                                                               B B
