                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          43
the worry and torment that David has occasioned her to-day. That
would be stoical. Clara is greatly strengthened and improved, but we
can hardly expect so much from her. David, you and I will go up-stairs,
boy."
   As he took me out at the door, my mother ran towards us. Miss
3Iurdstone said, " Clara ! are you a perfect fool ? " and interfered. I saw
my mother stop her ears then, and I heard her crying.
   H e walked me up to my room slowly and gravely-I am certain he
had a delight in that formal parade of executing justice-and when we
got there, suddenly twisted my head under his arm.
   " Mr. Murdstone ! Sir !" I cried to him.     "Don't ! Pray don't beat
me ! I have tried to learn, sir, but I ean't learn while you and Miss
Murdstone are by. I ean't indeed ! "
   " Can't you, indeed, David?" he said. " We 1' 1 try that."
   H e had my head as in a vice, but I twined round him somehow, and
stopped him for a moment, entreating him not to beat me. I t was only
for a moment that I stopped him, for he cut me heavily an instant
afterwards, and in the same instant I caught the hand with which he held
me in my mouth, between my teeth, and bit it through. I t sets my teeth
on edge to think of it.
   He beat me then, as if he would have beaten me to death. Above all
the noise we made, I heard them running up the stairs, and crying out-
I heard my mother crying out-and Peggotty. Then he was gone ; and
the door was locked outside ; and I was lying, fevered and hot, and torn,
and sore, and raging in my puny way, upon the floor.
   How well I recollect, when I became quiet, what an unnatural stillness
seemed to reign through the whole house ! How well I remember, when
my smart and passion began to cool, how wicked I began to feel !
   I sat listening for a long while, but there was not a sound. I crawled
up from the floor, and saw my face in the glass, so swollen, red, and ugly,
that it almost frightened me. My stripes were sore and stiff, and made me
cry afresh, when I moved; but they were nothing to the guilt I felt. I t
lay heavier on my breast than if I had been a most atrocious criminal, I
dare say.
   I t had begun to grow dark, and I had shut the window (Ihad been lying,
for the most part, with my head upon the sill, by turns crying, dozing,
and looking listlessly out), when the key was turned, and Miss Murdstone
came in with some bread and meat, and milk. These she put down upon
the table without a word, glaring at me the while with exemplary firmness,
and then retired, locking the door after her.
   Long after it was dark I sat there, wondering whether anybody else
would come. When this appeared improbable for that night, I undressed,
and went to bed ; and, there, I began to wonder fearfully what would be
 done to me. Whether it was a criminal act that I had committed?
Whether I should be taken into custody, and sent to prison? Whether
I was at all in danger of being hanged?
   I never shall forget the waking, next morning; the being cheerful and
fresh for the first moment, and then the being weighed down by the stale
and dismal oppression of remembrance. Miss Murdstone reappeared
before I was out of bed; told me, in so many words, that I was free to
