 P E R F E C T F R E E D O M F R O M COUGHS I N T E N MINUTES, A N D INSTANT                                RELIEF
            AND A       RAPID          CURE         O F ASTHMA AND             C O N S U M P T I O N , COUGHS,
                COLDS, A N D           ALL     D I S O R D E R S O F THE B R E A T H        AND LUNGS,
                                                          A R E INSURED B Y


     D R . LOCOCK'S P U L M O N I C W A F E R S .
          ",* SmalE books, containing many hwzdrecb of properly authemticated Testimonials, may 6e
                                                       had from every Agent.
        T O STNGERS A N D PUBLIC SPEAKERS t h e y are invaluable, as in a few hours
     they r e m o v e all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the p o w e r a n d flexibility of t h e voice.
        They have a pleasant taste. P r i c e 1s. lad., 2s. 9d., and 11s. p e r box.
     AGENTS    : DA SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.

                              ktlso, Bxotecte'a %.g %iizal lettesa; Bateat.
                           DR. LOCOCKJS FEMALE WAFERS.
       HAVEN O TASTEOF MEDICINE,and are the only remedy recommended to be taken by Ladies. They
     fortify the constitution a t all periods of life, and in all Nervous Affections act like a Charm. They remove
     Heaviness, Fatigue on Slight Exertion, Palpitation of the Heart, Lowness of Spirits, Weakness, and Allay
     Pain.
       They create Appetite and remove Indigestion, Heart-burn, Wind, Head-aches, Giddiness, &c.
       In Hysterical ~ i s e a i e s a, proper perseverance i n the use of this Medicine will he found to effect a Cure
     after all other means have failed.
                                           *** Full Directions are given with every box.
       NOTE.-These Wafers do not contain any Mineral, and may be taken either dissolved in water, or whole.
                                     Price Is. l i d , 2s. 9d., and I Is. p e r Box.
            The 2s. gd. Boxes contain nearly three of the small size, and the 11s. Boxes five of those a t 29.9d.
                    BEWARE OF IMITATIONS.-IMITATIONS IN THE FORM OF PILLS, &c.


     T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
  The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything yet
produced, that the Manufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and the
Connoisseur, that one may he convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, at the establishment of the
Sole Inventor, F. Browne, 47, FENCHURCH-ST.
     F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE OF MEASURING T H E HEAD.
  Round the head in the manner of a fillet, leaving; As dotted          Inches. Eighths.
                                         .
                                         .
the Ears loose ........................... ....................
--                                                        -I    1 to 1.

  From the Forehead over to the poll, as deep each
way as required ........................... ....................    2 to 2.
.-                                                                            --
   From one Temple to the other, across the rise or: As marked
 Crown of the head to where the Hair grows ............' 3 to 3.

              THE     CHARGE F O R              THIS UNIQUE HEAD               O P H A I R , O N L Y &1 10s.
     --
                   DEFORMITIES OF T H E CHEST AND SPINE.
                                       EAOLAND'S INVISIBLE SPINE SUPPORT, under
                                    the Patr0nag.e of Her Majesty's Surgeons, &c.-Ladies
                                    suffering from spinal deviations a n d their injurious con.
                                    sequences are solicited to inspect Mr. EAGLAND'S        newly-
                                    invented and inimitable SPINAL SUPPORTS. Their
                                    bcautifulsimplicity, extreme lightness, and their efficiency
                                    a s a remedial agent, have proved them superior to any
                                    others; indeed, they have become eminently successful.
                                    They a r e also completely imperceptible, conceal the
                                    defects (without padding) from the most scrutinising
                                    observer, and never fail to confer immediate relief.
                                    Mr. E. h a s the pleasure to add that h e is empowered t o
                                    refer to ladies of the first respectability a s to the value of
                                    his invention, i n addition to which he holds testimonials
                                    of t h e highest order.     Mrs. E A Q L A Ni s~ i n constant
                                    attendance from 12 till 5 daily.
                                        21,   COVENTRY             STREET,    HAYMARKET.
