                                    -.
                 Sixth Edition of Five Thousand, price Is. cloth,

        STEILL'S PICTORIAL SPELLING-BOOK ;
                                         0%
  A SERIES OF EASY AND PROGRESSIVE LESSONS ON FACTS AND OBJECTS.
Embellished with 130 graphic and pleasing Illustrations, calculated to excite in
 the minds of the young a desire to learn to read sooner than by the usual
 methods. Five editions of five thousand have been rapidly disposed of, and the
 sixth edition, revised and corrected, with many valuable additions and improve-
 ments, both as regards the letter-press and illustrations, is now before the public.
                                         -
            SELECT POETRY FOR CHILDREN,
     With brief Explanatory Notes by JOSEPH     Author of "Studies in
                                            PAYNE,
                              English Poetry."
Fifth Edition, corrected and enlarged for the Use of Schools. In 181110. price   38,
                                   extra cloth.


    THE NEW PROGRESSIVE DRAWING BOOK.
A Series of easy and comprehensive Lessons for Drawing Landscape, Architecture,
    the Human Figure, Shipping, Animals, &c. without the aid of a Master.
                W i t @ a compIete a r e a t i d e o n 9erdpectibe.
       Illustrated by upwards of THREEHUNDRED        Price 15s.
                                            ENGRAVINGS.




                    On the FIRST 01ZVERY MONTH,price Is.
              SHARPE'S LONDON MAGAZINE,
A Journal of Entertainment and Instruction for General Reading, consisting of
  Original Essays, Tales, &c. by M.iss AGNESSTRICKLAND,       Mrs. Posra~s,Mrs.
  COWDEN   CLARKE.   the Author of "Frank Fairlegh," MARTINTUPPER,       Esq., W.
  BEATTIE,  Esq. M.D., W. H. BARTLETT,    Esq., J. TIMBS,Esq., and other popular
  Writers.
  This Magazine is printed in super-royal octavo, in a new and elegant type; each
Part contains Two fine Engravings on Steel, from Designs by the best Artists.
   Nine Volumes of the Magazine have already appeared, and may be had,
elegantly hound in scarlet cloth, price 48.6~3. each. They are recommended as
particularly valuable for Lending Libraries.


                                  in Parts, price Is. each containing
         On the FIRST01 EVERY MONTH,



                         FRANK FAIRLEGH ;
                                         0%
         SCENES PROM THE LIFE OF A PRIVATE PUPIL.
   This, though not exactly a work of deep and thrilling interest, or quite calcu-
lated to harrow the reader's feelings and plough up the inmost recesses of his
soul, yet has its good points, as all who love real honest harmless fun have
acknowledged.

          LONDON:
               A. HALL,          VIRTUE       & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
                                                                 ROW.
