                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   I did not feel justified in giving a wife of Mrs. Micawber's experience
any other recommendation, than that she should try to reclaim Mr. Micaw-
ber by patience and kindness (as I knew she would in any case); but the
letter set me thinking about him very much.


                                                -. ---




                           CHATTER XLIIH.
                          ANOTHER RETROSPECT.

    ONCEagain, let me pause upon a memorable period of my life. Let me
stand aside, to see the phantoms of those days go by me, accompanying
the shadow of myself, in dim procession.
    Weeks, months, seasons, pass along. They seem little more than a
summer day and a winter evening. Now, the Common where I walk with
Dora is all in bloom, a field of bright gold ; and now the unseen heather
lies in mounds and bunches underneath a covering of snow. I n a breath,
the river that flows through our Sunday walks is sparkling in the summer
sun, is ruffled by the winter wind, or thickened with drifting heaps of ice.
Faster than ever river ran towards the sea, it flashes, darkens, and
rolls away.
   Not a thread changes, in the house of the two little bird-like ladies.
The clock ticks over the fire-place, the weather-glass hangs in the hall.
Neither clock nor weather-glass is ever right; but we believe in both,
devoutly.
   I have come legally to man's estate. I have attained the dignity of
twmty-one. But this is a sort of dignity that may be thrust upon one.
Let me think what I have achieved.
    I have tamed that savage stenographic mystery. I make a respectable
income by it. I am in high repute for my accomplishment in all pertaining
to the art, and am joined with eleven others in reporting the debates in
Parliament for a Morning Newspaper. Night after night, I record predic-
tions that never come to pass, professions that are never fulfilled, explana-
tions that are only meant to mystify. I wallow in words. Britannia, that
unfortunate female, is always before me, like a trussed fowl: skewered
through and through with office-pens, and bound hand and foot with red
tape. I am sufficiently behind the scenes to know the worth of polltical
life. I am quite an Infidel about it, and shall never be converted.
    My dear old Traddles has tried his hand at the same pursuit, but it is
not in Traddles's way. He is perfectly good-humoured respecting his
failure, and reminds me that he always did consider himself slow. H e
has occasional employment on the same newspaper, in getting up the facts
of dry subjects, to be written about and embellished by more fertile minds.
We is called to the bar; and with admirable industry and self-denial has
scraped another hundred pounds together, to fee a Conveyancer whose
chambers he attends. A great deal of very hot port wine was consumed
