246           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   " Don't be alarmed," said I.    " There's nothing to be afraid of.  Step
into a shop, and 1'11 soon get rid of this fellow."
   " No, no, child ! " she returned. " Don't speak to him for the world.
I entreat, I order you! "
   " Good Heaven, aunt ! " said I. " He is nothing but a sturdy beggar."
   " You don't know what he is ! " replied my aunt. "You don't know
who he is ! You don't know what you say ! "
   We had stopped in an empty doorway, while this was passing, and he
had stopped too.
   " Don't look at him ! " said my aunt, as I turned my head indignantly,
" but get me a coach, my dear, and wait for me in St. Paul's Churchyard."
   " Wait for you? " I repeated.
   " Yes," rejoined my aunt, " I must go alone. I must go with him."
   " With him, aunt ? This man ? "
   "I am in my senses," she replied, and I tell you I must. Get me a
coach ! "
   However much astonished I might be, I was sensible that I had no right
to refuse compliance with such a peremptory command. I hurried away a
few paces, and called a hackney chariot which was passing empty. Almost
before I could let down the steps, my aunt sprang in, I don't know how,
and the man followed. She waved her hand to me to go away, so
earnestly, that, all confounded as I was, I turned from them at once. I n
doing so I heard her say to the coachman, "Drive anywhere! Drive
straight on! " and presently the chariot passed me, going up the hill.
   What Mr. Dick had told me, and what I had supposed to be a delusion
of his, now came into my mind. I could not doubt that this person was
the person of whom he had made such mysterious mention, though what
the nature of his hold upon my aunt could possibly be, I was quite unable
to imagine. After half an hour's cooling in the churchyard, I saw the
chariot coming back. The driver stopped beside me, and my aunt was
sitting in it alone.
   She had not yet sufficiently recovered from her agitation to be quite
prepared for the visit we had to make. She desired me to get into the
chariot, and to tell the coachman to drive slowly up and down a little
while. She said no more, except, "My dear child, never ask me what it
was, and don't refer to it," until she had perfectly regained her compo-
sure, when she told me she was quite herself now, and we might get out.
On her giving me her purse, to pay the driver, I found that all the
guineas were gone, and only the loose silver remained.
   Doctors' Commons was approached by a little low archway. Before
we had taken many paces down the street beyond it, the noise of the city
seemed to melt, as if by magic, into a softened distance. A few dull
 courts, and narrow ways, brought us to the sky-lighted offices of Spenlow
and Jorkins ; in the vestibule of which temple, accessible to pilgrims with-
out the ceremony of knocking, three or four clerks were at work as
copyists. One of these, a little dry man, sitting by himself, who wore a
stiff brown wig that looked as if it were made of gingerbread, rose to
receive my aunt, and show us into Mr. Spenlow's room.
    "Mr. Spenlow's in Court, ma'am," said the dry man; "it's an Arches
day ; but it's close by, and I'll send for him directly."
   As we were left to look about us while Mr. Spenlow was fetched, I
