    COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
               WORKS BY MR. CHARLES DICKENS.
                                                          I.
  I n course o j Publication in MontSly Parts, (to be          co~rvletedin Fueltty,) price One 8l~ill.iltgeach.
           DAVID COPPERFIELD.
                           WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY H. K. BROWNE.
                                 *,* Thirteen Parts ure now            Published.
                         11.
Complete in One Thick Volume, avo, price 21s. in                 In small 8VO. Price 5s. each, bound in cloth, wit11
   cloth, or 24s. 6 d . half hound in morocco, with                                 gilt edges,
   flluvtrations by H. K. BROWNE.                               Thc Zllustratiof~s by D. Maclise, R.A., C l a ~ l &lt; r t ~ ~ a
     DOMBEY A N D SON.                                             Stanfield, R.A., Prank Stozze, John Leech, John
                                                                   Tflmied, al&dRichard Doyle.
                        111.
I n One Volume demy 8vo. Price Ils., uniform with
              ':~lle Piekwick Papers,"
                                                               A Christmas Carol. In l'rose.
TIIE LIFE AND ADVEHTURES                                       The Chimes. A Goblin Story of Some ~ c l l that
                                                                                                          s
                                                      rang an Old Year Out, and a New Year In.
         OF OLIVER TWIST,                           The Battle of Life. A Love Story.
 *,* l'hiu Edition has been cilrcfnllg corrected by
f l ~ e,\urhor throughout, and contains thc wlhole of
the ~ r ; ~ i l l Lllustrationsby
                  ai              G ~ o n uC n
                                             ~vl~suns~.        The Cricket on the Hearth.                A Fairy Tale
                                                                   of Home.

  PICTURES f k 0 ~ITALY.                                       The Haunted Man and the Ghost's
     Ssco~o
          EDITION. FCAP.
                       8VO. P R I C E6fi                           Bargain.


     New Monthly Work on Gardening and Botany, Beautifully Illustrated.
                     On t7~ePkst of May was published, price 2s. 6d., No. IIZ. of

   PAXTON'S FLOWER-GARDEN.
                     EDITED BY DR. LINDLEY AND JOSEPH PAXTON,
                  AND ILLUSTRATED BY HIGIILY FINISHED PLATES AND TT700DCUTS.
                                         --   --

                          BRADBURY AND EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.


         Part IV. of THE LADIES' COMPANION,Edited
by MRS.LOUDON,is published this day. This Part, having an
extra Number, contains about ONE HUNDRED ILLUS-
TRATIONS, Fifty of which are DESIGNSIN ANCIENTAND
MEDIZVAL ART. Also,
                A New Tale (" LETTICE AWNOLD ")
By the Author of a EMILIAWYNDHAIYI,"      &c. &c. : and nLulnlerons
Papers by eminent writers.
                 Price, with the Extra Number, Is. 5d.
      THE LADIES' COMPANION is published in Weekly
Numbers, price 3d., and in Monthly Parts, Is. 2d. Parts I., 11.)
III., and IV., are now Ready.
          11, Bozcvel*ie Street.
    OFFICE,
