16            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

cannot recal. I don't profess to be clear about dates. But there he was,
in church, and he walked home with us afterwards. He came in, too, to
look at a famous geranium we had, in the parlor-window. I t did not
appear to me that he took much notice of it, but before he went he asked
my mother to give him a bit of the blossom. She begged him to choose
it for himself, but he refused to do that-I could not understand why-
so she plucked it for him, and gave it into his hand. He said he would
never, never, part with it any more ; and I thought he must be quite a fool
not to know that it would fall to pieces in a day or two.
    Peggotty began to be less with us, of an evening, than she had always
been. My mother deferred to her very much-more than usual, it occurred
to me-and we were all three excellent friends; still we were different
from what we used to be, and were not so comfortable among our-
selves. Sometimes I fancied that Peggotty perhaps objected to my
mother's wearing all the pretty dresses she had in her drawers, or to her
going so often to visit at that neighbour's; but I couldn't, to my
satisfaction, make out how it was.
    Gradually, I became used to seeing the gentleman with the black
whiskers. I liked him no better than at first, and had the same uneasy
jealousy of him; but if I had any reason for it beyond a child's instinctive
 dislike, and a general idea that Peggotty and I could make much of my
mother without any help, it certainly was not the reason that I might have
 found if I had been older. No such thing came into my mind, or near
 it. I could observe, in little pieces, as it were ; but as to making a net of
 a number of these pieces, and catching anybody in it, that was, as
 yet, beyond me.
    One autumn morning I was with my mother in the front garden, when
 Mr. Murdstone-I knew him by that name now-came by, on horseback.
 H e reined up his horse to salute my mother, and said he was going to
 Lowestoft to see some friends who were there with a yacht, and
 merrily proposed t o take me on the saddle before him if I would like the
 ride.
    The air was so clear and pleasant, and the horse seemed to like the idea
 of the ride so much himself, as he stood snorting and pawing at the
 garden-gate, that I had a great desire to go. So I was sent up-stairs to
 Peggotty to be made spruce ; and in the meantime Mr. Murdstone dis-
 mounted, and, with his horse's bridle drawn over his arm, walked slowly
 up and down on the outer side of the sweetbriar fence, while my mother
 walked slowly up and down on the inner to keep him company. I recol-
 lect Peggotty and I peeping out at them from my little window; I recol-
 lect how closely they appeared to be examining the sweetbriar between
 them, as they strolled along ; and how, from being in a perfectly angelic
  temper, Peggotty turned cross in a moment, and brushed my hair the
  wrong way, excessively hard.
     Mr. Murdstone and I were soon off, and trotting along on the green
  turf by the side of the road. H e held me quite easily with one arm,
  and I don't think I was restless usually; but I could not make up my
  mind to sit in front of him without turning my head sometimes, and
  looking up in his face. H e had that kind of shallow black eye-I want
