                                               ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                 9
.-


      New Edition of Mrs. Loudonas Companion to the
                     Flower Garden.

l his day is pdlished, price 7s., handsomely boumd i n cloth, with numerous Woodcuts vepresenting the
                                Processes of Qruftkg, Bwdding, Lccye&g, &c.,

                             THE LADIES' COMPANION
                                                          TO




BEING AN ALPHABETICAL ARRANGEMENT OF ALL THE ORNAMENTAL PLANTS GROWN I N
     GARDENS AND SHRUBBERIES; WITH FULL DIRECTIONS FOR THEIR CULTURE.


                                       BY NRS. LOUDON.
               T H E FIFTH EDITION, CORRECTED T O T H E PRESENT TIME.

                  London: Published, for the Proprietor, by Bradbury & Evans, 11, Bouverie Street.


     New and Enlarged Edition of Paxton's Botanical
                     Dictionary.

                                 N o w Ready, in crown octavo, price 168.

       PAXTON'S BOTANICAL DICTIONARY.
                 A NEW EDITION, CORRECTED T O T H E PRESENT TIME.
     COMPRISING THE NAMES, HISTORY, AND CULTURE OF ALL PLANTS KNOWN IN BRITAIN,
                   WITH A FULL EXPLANATION OF TECHNICAL TERMS.
   Prepared as an instant resource and standard of consultation, and invaluable t o all lovers of horticulture
in all its branches and of every grade. Within its columns is compressed all the most important information
relative to admired plants, which its size and avowed design would admit, and with this volume in his
pocket the cultivator of plants may perambulate his own garden, and visit those of his friends, or public
exhibitions, in the full assurance of deriving every fact of interest respecting any particular object that
may engage his attention.

     ***   For the convenience of persons possessing the First Edition, a SUPPLEMENT, containing all the New
                                   Plants since its appearance, is published, price 5s.




                                   Price 6s. ir, clotJ~,gilt, a Hew Editior, of

     THE N A T U R A L H I S T O R Y O F C A G E BIRDS.
            THEIR MANAGEMENT, HABITS, FOOD, DISEASES, TREATMENT, BREEDING,
                        AND THE METHODS OF CATCHING THEM.

                        B Y J. M. BECHSTEIN, M.D., &c. &c.
                                          OF   WALTERHAUSEN IN     SAXONY.
                  " To all keepers of ' Cage Birds'   we earnestly recommend this book."-Examiner.

                                        Bradbury & Evans, 11, Bouverie Street.
