570           THE PERSONAL HISTOBY AND EXPERIENCE

shirt, and the shaggiest suit of slops I ever saw ; and the children were
done up, like preserved meats, in impervious cases. Both Mr. Micawber
and his eldest son wore their sleeves loosely turned back at the wrists, as
being ready to lend a hand in any direction, and to " tumble up," or sing
out, " Yeo-Heave-Yeo          ! " on the shortest notice.
   Thus Traddles and I found ihem at nightfall, assembled on the wooden
steps, at that time known as Hungerford Stairs, watching the departure
of a boat with some of their property on board. I had told Traddles of
the terrible event, and it had greatly shocked him; but there could
be no doubt of the kindness of keeping it a secret, and he had come to
help me in this last service. I t was here that I took Mr. Micawber aside,
and received his promise.
   The Micawber family were lodged in a little, dirty, tumble-down public-
house, which in those days was close to the stairs, and whose protruding
wooden rooms overhung the river. The family, as emigrants, being objects
of some interest in and about Hungerford, attracted so many beholders,
that we mere glad to take refuge in their room. I t was one of the wooden
chambers up-stairs, with the tide flowing underneath. My aunt and Agnes
were there, busily making some little extra comforts, in the way of dress,
for the children. Peggotty was quietly assisting, with the old insensible
work-box, yard measure, and bit of wax-candle before her, that had now
outlived so much.
   I t was not easy to answer her inquiries ; still less to whisper Mr. Peg-
gotty, when Mr. Micawber brought him in, that I had given the letter,
and all was well. But I did both, and made them happy. If I showed
any trace of what I felt, my own sorrows were sufficient to account for it.
    " And when does the ship sail, Mr. Micawber ?" asked my aunt.
    Mr. Micawber considered it necessary to prepare either my aunt or his
wife, by degrees, and said, sooner than he had expected yesterday.
    " The boat brought you word, I suppose ? " said my aunt.
    '' I t did, nia'am," he returned.
    " Well ? " said my aunt.      " And she sails-''

    " Madam," he replied, " I am informed that we must positively be on
board before seven to-morrow morning."
    " EIeyday ! " said my aunt, "that 'S soon. I s it a sea-going fact, Mr.
Peggotty P "
    '"Tis so, ma'am. She'll drop down the river with that theer tide.
If Mas'r Davy and my sister comes aboard at Gravesen', arternoon o' next
 day, they'll see the last on us."
    "And that we shall do," said I, "be sure ! "
    "Until then, and until we are at sea," observed Mr. lficawber, with a
glance of intelligence at me, " Mr. Peggotty and myself will constantly
keep a double look-out together, on our goods and chattels. Emma, my
love," said Mr. Micawber, clearing his throat in his magnificent way,
 "my friend Mr. Thomas Traddles is so obliging as to solicit, in my ear,
that he should have the privilege of ordering the ingredients necessary to
the composition of a moderate portion of that Beverage which is peculiarly
 associated, in our minds, with the Roast Beef of old England. I allude
to-in short, Punch. Under ordinary circnmstances, I should scruple to
 entreat the indulgence of Miss Trotwood and Miss Wickfield, but -"
