6                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.


    Now ready, i n One Vol. 880, price 14s., cloth. Illzcstrated with upwards of Three Bundred
                                      Diagrams and R~oodcuts.

    MEDICAL & CECONOMICAL BOTANY.
BEING THE THIRD PART OF THE ELEMENTS O F BOTANY, STRUCTURAL, PHYSIOLOGICAL, AND MEDICAL.

                        BY J O H N L I N D L E Y , PH.D., F.R.S., &c,, &c.
                                                   __t_

                         Also, by the same Author,   ilz.   One Vol. 8v0,price 12s., cloth.

                 THE ELEMENTS OF BOTANY,
                                  Stcuctutai an'rr %$gaiological,
                                WITH A GLOSSARY O F TECHNICAL TERMS.
                       *** The QZossary may be had separately, price Five Shillings.

            THE VEGETABLE KINGDOM;
                                                            OR,

                 aije structure,         UClaaaification, anb @R2lteetr OF Blanta.
                               ILLUSTRATED UPON T H E NATURAL SYSTEM.

    Second l?d'dition,wit?&additional Genera, i n one large volume 8v0, with upwards of Five Hzozdred
                                      Illustrations, price 30s. i n cloth.



                            SCHOOL BOTANY;
                   O R , T H E R U D I M E N T S OF B O T A N I C A L S C I E N C E .
    A New Edition, i n demy 8v0, with Nearly POUTHundred Illustrations, price 5s. 6d. half-bound.

                                            Im crown 8v0, price 16s.

       PAXTON'S BOTANICAL DICTIONARY.
                 A NEW EDITION             CORRECTED T O T H E PRESENT                        TIME.
    COMPRISING T H E NAMES, HISTORY, AND CULTURE O F ALL PLANTS, KNOWN IN BRITAIN,
                     WITH A FULL EXPLANATION OF TECHNICAL TERMS.
      ***   For the convenience of persons possessing the First Edition, a SUPPLEMENT, containing all t h e
                             New Plants since its appearance, is pubiished, price 5s.

                                 BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUYERIE
                                                              STREET.


       Price 7s., handsomely bound in cloth, with numerous VVoodcuts representing the Processes of
                                   Grafting, Budding, Layering, &c.

THE LADIES' CO1\,1PANION TO THE FLOWER GARDEN.
       BEING AN ALPHABETICAL ARRANGEMENT OF ALL THE ORNAMENTAL PLANTS GROWN IN GARDENS
                         AND   SHRUBBERIES : WITH FULL DIRECTIONS FOR THEIR CULTURE.

                                          BY MRS.            LOUDON.
                     THE F I F T H E D I T I O N , CORRECTED TO THE P R E S E N T T I M E .

              London: Published, for the Proprietor, by BRADBURYAND EVANS, 11, Bouvede Street.
