108            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  apart from all companionship but my own spiritless thoughts,-which seems
 to cast its gloom upon this paper as I write.
     What would I have given, to have been sent to the hardest school that
  ever was kept !-to have been taught something, anyhow, anywhere ! No
 such hope dawned upon me. They disliked me ; and they sullenly, sternly,
 steadily, overlooked me. I think Mr. Murdstone's means were straitened
 at about this time ; but it is little to the purpose. He could not bear me;
 and in putting me from him he tried, as I believe, to put away the notion
 that I had any claim upon him-and succeeded.
     I was not actively ill-used. I was not beaten, or starved; but the
 wrong that was done to me had no intervals of relenting, and was done
 in a systematic, passionless manner. Day after day, week after week,
 month after month, I was coldly neglected. I wonder sometimes, when
 I think of it, what they would have done if I had been taken with an
 illness; whether I should have lain down in my lonely room, and lan-
guished through it in my usual solitary way, or whether anybody would
have helped me out.
    When Mr. and Miss Murdstone were at home, I took my meals with
them; in their absence, I ate and drank by myself. At all times I lounged
about the house and neighbourhood quite disregarded, except that they
were jealous of my making any friends : thinking, perhaps, that, if I did,
I might complain to some one. For this reason, though Mr. Chillip often
 asked me to go and see him (he was a widower, having, some years before
that, lost a little small light-haired wife, whom I can just remember con-
necting in my own thoughts with a pale tortoise-shell cat), it was but seldom
that I enjoyed the happiness of passing an afternoon in his closet of a
surgery; reading some book that was new to me, with the smell of the
whole pharmacopceia coming up my nose, or pounding something in a
mortar under his mild directions.
    For the same reason, added no doubt to the old dislike of her, I was
seldom allowed to visit Peggotty. Faithful to her promise, she either
 came to see me, or met me somewhere near, once every week, and never
 empty-handed; but many and bitter were the disappointments I had, in
being refused permission to pay a visit to her at her house. Some few
times, however, at long intervals, I was allowed to go there; and then I
found out that Mr. Barkis was something of a miser, or as Peggotty
dutifully expressed it, was " a little near," and kept a heap of money in a
box under his bed, which he pretended was only full of coats and trousers.
I n this coffer, his riches hid themselves with such a tenacious modesty,
that the smallest instalments could only be tempted out by artifice; so
that Peggotty had to prepare a long and elaborate scheme, a very Gun-
powder Plot, for every Saturday's expenses.
    All this time I was so conscious of the waste of any promise I had
given, and of my being utterly neglected, that I should have been perfectly
miserable, I have no doubt, but for the old books. They were my only
comfort; and I was as true to them as they were to me, and read them
over and over I don't know how many times more.
    I now approach a period of my life, which I can never lose the remem-
brance of, while I remember any thing; and the recollection of which has
often, without my invocation, come before me like a ghost, and haunted
happier times.
