              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   "To be sure there is," said I. " But all we can do just now, Mr.
Dick, is to keep a cheerful countenance, and not let my aunt see that we
are thinking about it."
   H e assented to this in the most earnest manner; and implored me, if I
should see him wandering an inch out of the right course, to recal him by
some of those superior methods which were always at my command. But
I regret to state that the fright I had given him proved too much for his
best attempts at concealment. All the evening his eyes wandered to my
aunt's face, with an expression of the most dismal apprehension, as if he
saw her growing thin on the spot. H e was conscious of this, and put a
constraint upon his head; but his keeping that immovable, and sitting
rolling his eyes llke a piece of machinery, did not mend the matter at all.
I saw him look at the loaf at supper (which happened to be a small one),
as if nothing else stood between us and famine ; and when my aunt insisted
on his making his customary repast, I detected him in the act of pocketing
fragments of his bread and cheese; I have no doubt for the purpose of
reviving us with those savings, when we should have reached an advanced
stage of attenuation.
   My aunt, on the other hand, was in a composed frame of mind, which
was a lesson to all of us-to me, I am sure. She was extremely gracious
to Peggotty, except when I inadvertently called her by that name; and,
strange as I knew she felt in London, appeared quite at home. She was
to have my bed, and I was to lie in the sitting-room, to keep guard over
her. She made a great point of being so near the river, in case of a
conflagration; and I suppose really did find some satisfaction in that
circumstance.
   " Trot, my dear," said my aunt, when she saw me making preparations

for compounding her usual night-draught, "No ! "
   " Nothing, aunt ? "
   "Not wine, my dear. Ale."
   "But there is wine here, aunt. And you always have it made of
wine."
   " Keep that, in case of sickness," said my aunt. " We mustn't use it
carelessly, Trot. Ale for me. Half a pint."
   I thought Mr. Dick would have fallen, insensible. My aunt being
resolute, I went out and got the ale myself. As it was growing late,
Peggotty and Mr. Dick took that opportunity of repairing to the chand-
ler's shop together. I parted from him, poor fellow, at the corner of the
street, with his great kite at his back, a very monument of human misery.
   My aunt was walking up and down the room when I returned, crimping
the borders of her nightcap with her fingers. I warmed the ale and made
the toast on the usual infallible principles. When it was ready for her, she
was ready for it, with her nightcap on, and the skirt of her gown turned
back on her knees.
   " My dear," said my aunt, after taking a spoonful of it ; "it's a great
deal better than wine. Not half so bilious."
   I suppose I looked doubtful, for she added :
    " Tut, tut, child.  If nothing worse than Ale happens to us, we are
well off."
    " I should think so myself, aunt, I am sure," said I.

    " Well, then, why don't you think so ? " said my aunt.
