4                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.

                                Now Ready a t all the Libraries, i n Three Vols.

               MRS. TROLLOPE'S NEW NOVEL,
"THE OLD WORLD AND THE NEW."
                                     Alao, Just Published, in Two Vols.

                           E R N E S T                          VANE.
                              BY ALEXANDER BAILLIE COCHRANE, M.P.
                      HENRY COLBURN, Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough Street.


                       SECOND EDITION, REVISED AND ENLARGED.
On the 8th of October will be Published, Second Edition, considerably Enlarged, with Portrait of the Author      j
                                        Cloth, Gilt lettered. Price 68.

        R U I N S OF M A N Y L A N D S .
                                     BY ALEXANDER MICHELL.
CONTENTS:-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Nubia-Egypt-
           -          -
  Athens Corintb Sparta-Greek Isles Troy-Rome--                           --
                                                          Ruined Cities of America-Rock-Temples of India-
  Roman Ruins in the South of France- Carthage-Ephesus-Tyre
                                                                                     -
                                                               Pompeii Paestnm Roman Amphitheatres-
                                                                            Baalbec -Palmyra -Persepolis       -
  Jerusalem, &c.
           &lt;'One of the most interesting and exquisite volumes of modern days."-Era.
           $ 4 It conveys in a delightful manner a rich store of information."-Sun.


                   LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG, and Co., Cheapside; and all Booksellers.


       THE EXHIBITION OF WORKS OF MANUX'ACTURE AND ART.
                                                  ___e_
             T H E EXHIBITION O F MANUFACTURED ART, NOW OPEN I N
                                       BIRMINGHAM,
                   Will be treated at considerable length in the OC~OBER
                                                                       Number of


    THE ART-JOURNAL.
 I T will be Illustrated by upwards of ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY Engravings o n Wood,
      comprising a large majority of the leading works contained in the Exposition-ln silver, electro-silver
bronze, brass (east and pressed), iron, porcelain, earthenware, and glass; of objects in papier-machi$; 0;
japanned goods; carvings in wood; and the several productions of metal which constitute the main staple of
British industry, and render Birmingham the great capital of British manulactures.
   These will evidence a n astonishing advance in Art within the last few years; and sufficiently prove the
power of the English manufacturer t o compete with the best fabricants of France.
   The Exhibition at Birmingham cannot fail to have great influence on the future course of Manufactured Art
 in England-extending its repute and augmenting its mercantile value.
   The Editor of the "ART-JOURNAL"          has, therefore, considered i t his duty to make arrangements for
reporting this Exposition on a scale somewhat commensurate with the magnitude and liberality of the
enterprise.
   The October number of the "ART-JOURNAL"             will also contain three engravings on steel-" Malvolio,'
 engraved by Staines, from the painting by Maclise, R.A.; "The Truant," engraved by Phillibrown, from the
 painting by Webster, R.A.-both in the '' VERNON       GALLERY;"and of "Sabrina," engraved by Artlett from the
 statue, by Marshall, A.R.A.
   The " ART-JOURNAL      " of the past eight months contains, besides several hundred engravings on wood, n o
 fewer than twenty-five engravings on steel ; each ot which may be regarded as a fine and beautiful specimen
 of Art : they consist chiefly of line engravings from the best plctnres of the best Brttish artists, contained i n
 the VERNON    GALLERY-tne collectiou presented by the late Robert Vernon, Esq., to the British people.
   To the amateur, the connoisseur, the artist, and the public generally, this work cannot fail to be an acqnisi-
 tion of considerable value; the purest and best Art is thus circulated at the smallest possible cost t o the
 purchaser: "Mr. VERNON'S       magnificent gift is thus made doubly the property of the people. To the humblest
 classes throughout the whole kmgdom, it becomes in some degree accessible, and a source of enjoyment and
 instruction."
    The ART-JOURNAL
                 may be ordered of any Bookseller in town or country.
                                               VIRTUE,25, Paternoster Row.
                               Publisher, GEORGE
