                                     Section 8.-Manufactures.
     Manufactures to be exhibited in this Section must be in their Finished state, as, fit for use.
                                                            Goons, Plain and Figured in the Loom; also, Printed,
      1.-FABRICS.               Cotton, and simi-            Coloured, or Embossed, including-
                                lar Vegetable Sub-
SPUNAND WOVEN        ......     stances ..........
                              From Wool and Silk,
                                                                 LINENS, CANVAS-Floor Cloths, Calicoes, &c.; Oil
                                                                   Cloths of all kinds:-also, Lace, Bobbinet,Fignred
                                                                   Lace, Needlework, Embroidery, Tambouring, kc.
                                and similar Animal
                                Substances   ......              BROAD CLOT~IS-Blankets.Carpets, Shawls,Damasks,
                                                                  Satins, Velvets, Stuffs, Poplins. Tabinets, Crapes.
                              From Fur and Hair,            F ~ r , ~ s , H ~ ~ s - F e lFloor
                                                                                          t e d Cloths, and FeltedFabrics
                                and similar Animal
FELTED
     OR LAID..       ......     Substances    ......           generally, Plain or Printed, Coloured and Em.
                                                               bossed.
                              From Rags and Fibre,
                                                        PAPERSof a11 kinds, Plain and Ornamental Paper-hangings
                                 table Substances..       and Decorat~ons,Cards, Pasteboard, &c.
                                                        Gold and Silver Plate, and Jewellers' Work, Metal Oma-
                                                          ments, Metal iMountings, Buttons, Locksmiths' Work,
2.- MANUFACTURES                                          Wire Work, General Ironmongery, Fenders and Grates
   I N METALS.                                            and Fire irons, Bronze Lamps, Britannia Metal Wares,
                                                          German Silver and White Metal; Cutlery and Steel
                                                          Ornaments.
3.-MANUFACTURES             I N GLASS, PORCELAIN, T E R R A COTTA, and E A R T H E N W A R E of all
   kinds, k c .
4       .       -     ~ F R~ ~ M     V ~E ~ ~ ~ ~~ B Cabinet
                                                         L ~E Work   ~ and ~Household     ~ Furniture,
                                                                                                   ~               S Bas-
                                                                                                           ~Turnery,
   SUBSTANCES-Wood, straw,             H     ~ G ~ ~ ~ ~ ,kets,
                                                           ~ Mats~       ,and Matting, Cordage and Cables, Straw
   Caoutchouc, Gutta Wrcha     ..................         Plait,  Utensils   of  every
                                                          Percha, Coopers' Work, k c .
                                                                                         kind   in Caoutchouc   and Gutta

5.-MANUFACTURES                F R O M ANIMAL           Handles and Utensils of Horn, Ivory, and Bone; Book-
   SUBSTANCES-Ivory            Bone, Horn, Parch-         binding, Leather Cases, Trunks, Harness, Boots and
   ment, Leather, Shell, Hair, Feathers, and Bristles     Shoes, Brushes, &c.
8 . - S ~ A L ~ W ~ R E S AND          CHEMICAL             Umbrellas, Garments, Artificial Flowers, Fringes, Gimps,
   COMPOUNDS.        ..........................              Beads, and Toys: Confectionary, Soap, Candles,
                                                             Sealing Wax and Wafers, &c.

                Section 4.-Sculpture, Models, and the Plastic Art.
    Objects formed in any kind of material, if they exhibit such a degree of taste and skill as to




                         r
come under the denomination of f i n e Art, may be admitted into this Section.
                       ,la.&gt; I N METALS,whether simple. as Gold. Silver,. Couuer.. Iron,. Zinc,. Lead:. or com-
                                                                         '           &.

                           pound, such a; Bronze, Electrum,&c.
1.-SCULPTURE        AS (b.) I N MINERALS,   whether simple, a3 Marble, Stone, Gems, Clay, &c.; or in materials
  A F I N E ART     ....   elaborated from them, as Glass, Porcelain.
                        (c.) I N WOODSA N D OTHER VEGETABLE            SUBSTANCES.
                        (d.)' IN ANIMALSUBSTANCES,       such as Ivory, Bone, Shells, Shell-Cameos.
2.-WORKS I N DIE SINKING INTAGLIOS.
3.-ARCHITECTURAL                             {     Whether INTEGRAL
                           DECORATIONS. ADVENTITIOUS,
                                                                         in Relief, Colour, or
                                                                    as Stained Glass, Tapestry.
4.-MOSAICS     AND INLAID WORK..         ...    . I n Stone, Tiles, Vitrified Materials, Wood, Metal.
5.-ENAMELS..         .......................  ..On Metals, China, Glass.
6.-MATERIALS       AND PROCESSES APPLICABLE TO T H E F I N E A R T S GENERALLY,including
    Fine Art Printing, Printing in Colour, &c., &c.
7.-MODELS        ............................     ln Architecture, Topography, Anatomy.

                           CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS.
       All Spirits, Wines, and Fermented Liquors, unless derived from unusual sources, are inadmissible, except
in special cases, and under special restrictions : and when Oils, Spirits, &c. are exhibited, to prevent accidents,
they must be shown in well-secured glass vessels.
     All highly-inflammable articles, such as Gunpowder, Detonating Powders, Lucifer Matches, &c.: and all
Live Stock, and articles perishable within the duration of the Exhibition, are inadmissible, unless specially
excepted.
                       Section 1.-Raw llIat,erials and Produce.
                                     Division (A).--Mineral Kingdom.
     I t is desirable that the Raw Materials should be shown in connection with the produce of the MineraI
Kingdom, so as to form a history and explanation of the processes employed to fit them for the useful and
ornamental purposes of life. The Exhibition would thus comprehend (1.) Illustrations of the various modes of
extracting and preparing the Raw Materials for Produce; ( 2 . ) Illustrations of methods of reducing, working, or
combining Raw Materials, so as to obtain Products which may afterwards receive applications to the useful or
ornamental purposes of life.
     T h e Specimens fitted for exhibition should include (1.)only those remarkable for their excellence, for nove2ly
in their occurrence or application, or economy of their extraction or preparation; or (2.) those remarkable as
illustrations of some further processes of Manufacture.
