                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                        7

      C H I L D R E N ' S FROCKS, COATS, A N D PELISSES;
          -. .             I n all the New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
                           large portion of which areexpresslyadapted for School
                           Wear, a t SHEARMAN'S, 5, FINSBURY PAVEMENT,
                           LONDON (between the Bank and Finsbury Square).
                              SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view, Prom
                           the useful dress a t Is. I l d . , 2s. 6d., 3s. 6 d . ; medium,
                           as. 6d., 7 s . Lid., 10s. 6d., 12s. 6d.; handsome, 15s. 6d..
                           113s. 6d., 21s. 6d., up to the richest goods made i n Silk
                           Velvets, Three. Four, and Five Guineas.
                              HOLLAND DRESSESnf all kinds. Pinafores, 10Bd.;
                           Frocks, Is. 6d., Is. 9d.j ditto, long sleeves, 2s. gd.,
                           3s. 6d.; Blouses, 3s. 6d.. 4s. Lid., 5s. 6d.
                              MANTLES, PALETOTS, CLOAKS, JACKETS, and
                           SPENCERS, i n great variety, adapted for allages, two
                           years and upwards.
                      I N F A N T S ' CLOAKS, HOODS, H A T S , and B O N N E T S , L O N G
                   and S H O R T ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
                   Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Night Caps, Open
                   and Round Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets, with a
                   general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N , together with every article usually
                   required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating the trouble and
                   inconvenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops when
                   J U V E N I L E C L O T H I N G is required.
                      *,   A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
                   free on the receipt of a paid Letter.




                                 GIVE   INSTANT RELIEF,     AND A    RAPID    CURE   OF
                        - Colds, and all Disorders of the Breath and Lungs.
Asthma, Consumption, Coughs,
  IN COUGHS.-T~~       effect of Dr. Locock's Wafers is truly surprising, as within ten minutes after taking a
dose the most violrnt cough is subdued.
  They have a pleasant taste, and may be taken by infants as wells as adults.
  TO SINOERS    A N D PUBLICSPEAKERS,      these Wafers are invaluable, as by their action on the throat and
lungs they remove all hoarseness i n a few hours. and u ~ o n d e r f n lincrease
                                                                          l~      the power and flexibility of the
voice.
  NOTE.-Full Directions are given with every Box in the Elzglish, Gevman, and French languages.
  Price Is. lkd., 2s. gd., and 11s. per Box. The 2s. gd. Boxes contaiu nearly three of the Is. ]*d., and the
11s. Boxes contain five of those a t 2s. gd. ALSO




        THEY HAVE A MOST PLEASANT TASTE.                                       HAVE A PLEASANT TASTE.
        Price Is. l i d . , 2s. Qd., and 11s. per Box.           THEYfortify the constitution a t all periods of life,
   THISis an aromatic and aperient Medicine of great           and in all Nervous Affections act like acharm. They
efficacy for regulating the secretions, and correcting         remove all Obstructions, IIeaviness, Fatigue o n
the action of the Stomach and Liver, and is the only           Slight Exertion, Palpitation of the Heart, Lowness of
saferemedy f0rallBlLlOUS A F F E C T I O N S , - H ~ ~ ~ ~Spirits,
                                                                ~ U ~ ~Weakness,
                                                                           ,         and Allay Pain.
Sick Head-ache, Giddiness, Pains in the Stomach,                 They create Appetite, and remove Indigestion,
Flatulency, or Wind, and all those complaints which            Neartbnrn, Wind, Bead-aches, Giddiness, &c.
arise from Indigestion or Biliousness. I t i s mild in
its action, and suitable for all seasons and constitu-           I n Hysterical Diseases, a proper perseverance i n
tions, while its A G R E E A B L E TASTE renders i t the best  the use of this Medicine will be found to effect a Cure
Medicinefor Children.                                          after   all other means have failed.
   Testimonial.-"Gentlemen,-We              have much plea-         *,* Full directions are given with every Box.
sure in bearing testimony to the very great efficacy             NOTE.-These Wafers do not contain any Mineral,
of Dr. Locock's Wafers; we have n o hesitation i n             and may be taken either dissolved in water or
saying this from our own experience, and they con-             whole.
tinue to give the same satisfaction wherever they are
introduced, &c.  -       Signed, J. R. ALLAN and CO.,              BEWARE OF IMITATlONS IN THE FORM OF PILLS!
42. Kirkgate, Leith, August 17, 1850."
   IMP~~TAN      CAUTION.-Counterfeits
                   T                             may be guarded against by simply obserying that n o Medicine is
genuine but "WAFERS," and that the words, "DR. LOCOCK'S WAFERS," are In the Government Stamp
outside each Box.
                     ALL PILLS UNDER SIMILAR NAMES ARE COUNTERFEITS.
