4                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.

                                   Now ready, i.n small Bvo, price 3s. Gd.,

        T H E E $N
                 3
                   CH  A N T E D DOLL.
                    Care fur ZittIe IPeugTe.
                                           By MARK LEMON.
                      WITH NUMEROUS ILLUSTRATIONS BY RICHARD DOYLE.

                              BRADBURY k EVANS,             11,   BOUVERIE STREET.

                                                 Just Published
           Second Edition, i n One Vol. with a Memoir of the Author and Frontispiece, price 6s. 6d.,

                         HOME                         INFLUENCE,
                                kl aaTe fur Bu@er!J anlt Bau&ter$.
                                          BY GRACE AGUILAR.
  "This is a clever and interesting tale; i t corresponds well to its name. Illustrating the silent constant
influence of a wise and affectionate parent over characters the most diverse."-Christian Lady's Mugarine.
                           LONDON:       BROOMBRIDGE & SONS, PUBLISHERS.

     Now ready, price 2s. 6d. in cloth, gilt edges,
    SKETCHES OF CANTABS.                                        33ALSAM COPAIRA, and all other
                                                                             . . of a nauseous character, may now
                                                                        Med~c~nes
                                                                be taken without inconvenience, by means of the
       By JOHN SMITH (of Smith-hall), Gent.                     PATENT ORGANIC CAPSULES. These Capsules
  "We have laughed heartily a t Mr. Smith's sketches,           w11l be found superior to those made with Gelatine.
and recommend them to the reader who has a taste                They remain ent~reuntil they have passed through the
for real mirth, sly humour, and gentlemanly good-               stomach into the intestines ; and the medicine being
natured satire. They have nothing of commonplace                efficiently brought in contact with the organs it is
imitation about them, and beneath their surface of              intended to affect, the usual nausea and unpleasant
banter and persiflage, there i s a good spirit and useful       eructations are avoided. E V A N S& LESCHER.  London.
intention."-Examiner.
  " A more entertaining little hook we scarcely ever
remember t o have read. Many a well-known cha-
                                                            I   Patentees; and all Medicine Vendors throughout the
                                                                kingdom. * a * Ask for the Patent Flexible Capsules.

racter and well.remembercd scene i s here depicted
with great spirit, and will be recalled with interest to
the minds of those who have been familiar with such
scenes."-Obseruer.
                                                                BEAUTY.-The                 thorn that veils the
                                                                       primrose from our view is n o t more invidious
                                                                i n Nature than superfluous Hair o n the Face, Neck,
                                                                and Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
  London: GEORGEEARLE,67, Castle.street East,                   DER is the most certain aud elegant preparationfor
             Berners-street, Oxford-street.                     its removal-the genuine is perfectly innocent, is easy
                                                                and pleasant t o use, and has been signed " G. H.
     OLLOWAY'S PILLS.-FOR INDIGESTION,                          HOGARD " for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro-
11 STOMACH              AND   LIVER COMPLAINTS,T A K E          prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,
H O L L O ~ A V 'PILLS.-Persons
                     S               suffering from any         Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, i n
derangement of the liver, stomach, or the organs of             packets, price 49. Double ditto, 7s., or b y post, free
digestion, should have recourse to Holloway's Pills,            for 50 or 88 Postage stamps.
a s there is no other medicine that acts on these par-
ticular complaints with such certain success. Its
peculiar propetiiesstrengthen the tone of thestornach.
increase the appetite, and purify the liver. For bowel
complaints it is admirable,asitremoves every primary
                                                                  To      s e c u r e Nousehold Linen and
                                                                             . Apparel against Loss or ill~stake, use
                                                                       Wearlug
                                                                    BOND'S PERMANENT MARKING INK.
cause of them, thereby restoring the patient to the
~ o u n d e s health
              t       and strength. Nervous or sick head.       The Original, and by f a r the best, requiring n o
aches and lowness of splrits may be easily cured by             preparation.
taking a course of Holloway's Pills.-Sold by all drug.            Prepared by the Inventor, JOHN BOND, 28, Long
gists, and a t Professor Holloway's establishment, 244,         Lane, West Smithfield, City, and sold by most Che-
Strand, London.                                                 mists, Stationers, and Medicine Vendors.
For Purifying the Blood and Strength-                                          Price One Shilling a bottle.
     ening the Digestive Organs.
FRENGKS               SARSAPARILLA
                                AND
        CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of
these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited
for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-
gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
Fits, Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,
Rheumatic and Nervous Affections. and all Imvurities
of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too seheutary
a life, dissipation, and other causes. However dehili.
tated the system, or deep-rooted the disease, by the
diligent use of this purifying Medicine the energies
of the whole nervous system will he augmented, a
more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
produced and feebleness, and all. the deplorable
syrnptomb of disease will vanish, and strength and
health be restored to the feeble and afflicted by its
restorative properties.-Prepared       only by W. A.
FRENCH,309, Holborn, two doors west of Chancery.
lane. Price 2s. gd., 4s. Gd, l18.9 and 228.
