422            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  As this appeared to be addressed to Traddles aiid me, both Traddles and
I made some sort of reply. Traddles was inaudible. I think I observed,
myself, that it was highly creditable to all concerned. I don't in the
least know what I meant.
    " Sister Lavinia," said Miss Clarissa, having now relieved her mind,

" you can go on, my dear."

    Miss Lavinia proceeded :
    " Mr. Copperfield, my sister Clarissa and I have been very careful
indeed in considering this letter ; aiid we hale not considered it without
finally showing it to our niece, and discussing it with our niece. We have
no doubt that you think you like her very much."
    " Think, ma'am," I rapturonsly began, " oh !-"

    But Miss Clarissa giving me a look (just like a sharp canary), as
requesting that I would not interrupt the oracle, I begged pardon.
    " Affection," said Miss Zavinia, glancing at her sister for corroboration,
which she gave in the form of a little nod to every clause, " mature
affection, homage, devotion, does not easily express itself. Its voice is
low. I t is modest and retiring, it lies in ambush, waits and waits.
Such is the mature fruit. Sometimes a life glides away, and finds it still
ripening in the shade."
    Of course I did not understand then that this was an allusion to her
supposed experience of the stricken Pidger ; but I saw, from the gravity
 with which Miss Clarissa nodded her head, that great weight was attached
to these words.
    "The light-for I call them, in comparison with such sentiments, the
 light-inclinations of very young people," pursued Miss Lavinia, " are
 dust, compared to rocks. I t is owing to the difficulty of knowing
 whether they are likely to endure or have any real foundation, that my
 sister Clarissa and myself have been very undecided how to act,
 Mr. Copperfield, and Mr. --"
    " Traddles," said my friend, fillding himself looked at.

    " I beg pardon. Of the Inner Temple, I believe ? ;' said Miss Clarissa,
 again glancing at my letter.
    Traddles said, " Exactly so," and became pretty red in the face.
    Now, although I had not received any express encouragement as yet, I
 fancied that I saw in the two little sisters, and particularly in Miss Lavinia,
 an intensified enjoyment of this new and fruitful subject of domestic
interest, a settling down to make the most of it, a disposition to pet it, in
which there was a good bright ray of hope. I thought I perceived that
Miss Lavinia would have uncommon satisfaction in superintending two
young lovers, like Dora and me; and that Miss Clarissa would have
hardly less satisfaction in seeing her superintend us, and in chiming
in with her own particular department of the subject whenever that
impulse was strong upon her. This gave me courage to protest
most vehemently that I loved Dora better than I could tell, or any
one believe; that all my friends knew how I loved her; that my aunt,
Agnes, Traddles, every one who knew me, knew how I loved her, and how
earriest my love had made me. For the truth of this, I appealed to
Traddles. And Traddles, firing up as if he were plunging into a
Parliamentary Debate, really did come out nobly : confirming me in good
