64            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

cold; which was again corroborated by J. Steerforth, the only parlor-
boarder. I heard that Mr. Sharp's wig didn't fit him; and that he
needn't be so " bounceable"-somebody else said " bumptious "-about it,
because his own red hair was very plainly to be seen behind.
   I heard that one boy, who was a coal-merchant's son, came as a set-off
against the coal-bill, and was called on that account "Exchange or
Barter "-a      name selected from the arithmetic-book as expressing this
arrangement. I heard that the table-beer was a robbery of parents, and
the pudding an imposition. I heard that Miss Creakle was regarded by the
school in general as being in love with Steerforth; and I am sure, as I sat
in the dark, thinking of his nice voice, and his fine face, and his easy
manner, and his curling hair, I thought it very likely. I heard that
Mr. Me11 was not a bad sort of fellow, but hadn't a sixpence to bless
himself with ; and that there was no doubt that old Mrs. Mell, his mother,
was as poor as Job. I thought of my breakfast then, and what had
sounded like "My Charley ! " but I was, I am glad to remember, as mute
as a mouse about it.
   The hearing of all this, and a good deal more, outlasted the banquet
some time. The greater part of the guests had gone to bed as soon as
the eating and drinking were over; and we, who had remained whisper-
ing and listening half undressed, at last betook ourselves to bed, too.
   " Good night, young Copperfield," said Steerforth, "I'll take care
of you."
   "You 're very kind," I gratefully returned. " I am very much obliged
to you."
   "You haven't got a sister, have you? " said Steerforth, yawning.
   " NO," I answered.
   " That's a pity," said Steerforth. "If you had had one, I should
think she would have been a pretty, timid, little, bright-eyed sort of girl.
I should have liked to know her. Good night, young Copperfield."
   " Good night, sir," I replied.
   I thought of him very much after I went to bed, and raised myself, I
recollect, to look at him where he lay in the moonlight, with his handsome
face turned up, and his head reclining easily on his arm. He was a
person of great power in my eyes ; that was of course the reason of my
mind running on him. No veiled future dimly glanced upon him in the
moonbeams. There was no shadowy picture of his footsteps, in the
garden that I dreamed of walking in all night.
