                         OF DAVID COPPEREIELD.

wish that Mr. Micawber should go down to Plymouth. They think it
indispensable that he should be upon the spot."
    " That he may be ready?" I suggested.

    " Exactly," returned Mrs. Micawber. "That he may be ready-in
case of anything turning up."
    " And do you go too, ma'am ? "

   The events of the day, in combination with the twins, if not with the
flip, had made Mrs. Micawber hysterical, and she shed tears as she
replied :
    " I never will desert Mr. Micawber. Mr. Micawber may have con-
cealed his difficulties from me in the first instance, but his sanguine temper
may have led him to expect that he would overcome them. The pearl
necklace and bracelets which I inherited from mama, have been disposed
of for less than half their value; and the set of coral, which was the
wedding gift of my papa, has been actually thrown away for nothing.
But I never will desert Mr. Micawber. No!" cried Mrs. Micawber,
more affected than before, " I never will do it! It's of no use asking
me!"
    I felt quite uncomfortable-as if Mrs. Micawber supposed I had asked
 her to do anything of the sort !-and sat looking at her in alarm.
    "Mr. Micawber has his faults. I do not deny that he is improvident.
 I do not deny that he has kept me in the dark as to his resources and his
liabilities, both," she went on, looking at the wall ; "but I never will desert
Mr. Micawber ! "
    Mrs. Micawber having now raised her voice into a perfect scream, I was
 so frightened that I ran off to the club-room, and disturbed Mr. Micawber
 in the act of presiding at a long table, and leading the chorus of
                         Gee up, Dobbin,
                         Gee ho, Dobbin,
                         Gee up, Dobbin,
                         Gee up, and gee ho-0-0       !
-with the tidings that Mrs. Micawber was in an alarming state, upon
which he immediately burst into tears,and came away with me with his waist-
coat full of the heads and tails of shrimps, of which he had been partaking.
   " Emma, my angel ! " cried Mr. Micawber, running into the room ;
" what is the matter? "
   " I never will desert you, Micawber !" she exclaimed.
   "My life ! " said Mr. Micawber, taking her in his arms.        I am per-
fectly aware of it."
   "He is the parent of my children ! He is the father of my twins ! H e
is the husband of my affections," cried Mrs. Micawber, struggling; " and
I ne-ver-will-desert      Mr. Micawber ! "
   Mr. Micawber was so deeply affected by this proof of her devotion (as
to me, I was dissolved in tears), that he hung over her in a passionate
manner, imploring her to look up, and to be calm. But the more he asked
Mrs. Micawber to look up, the more she fixed her eyes on nothing; and
the more he asked her to compose herself, the more she wouldn't. Con-
sequently Mr. Micawber was soon so overcome, that he mingled his tears
with hers and mine; until he begged me to do him the favor of taking a
chair on the staircase, while he got her into bed. I would have taken my
