       New Edition, in three vols. super-royal octavo, price 31. 3s. cloth gilt,
                                      IRELAND :
                         ITS SCENERY, CHARACTER, &c.
             ~Ilu8trateU hit$ #nrtg-eig3t Steel @ngrabing$,
                  AFTER DRAWINGS BY T. CXESWICK,         A.R.A.   AND OTHERS.
Five Hundred exquisite Wood Engraz~ings,and Zighteen Maps of the Counties.
   The Authors have laboured with zeal and industry to obtain such topographical
and statistical information as may be useful to those who visit Ireland, or who
desire the means of judging correctly as to its capabilities and condition. But
their especial duty has been to associate with more important details such inci-
dents, descriptions, legends, traditions, and personal sketches, as may excite
interest i n those who might be deterred from the perusal of mere facts, if com-
municated in a less popular form. Independently of their own actual observation
and experience, they have had the aid of many who have continually employed
the pen or pencil-or     both-in collecting and preserving records that serve to
throw light on the state of the country and the character of its people; and they
have obtained the co-operation of others who are interested, with them, i n making
Ireland more advantageously known to England, and who have confidence i n the
Authors' competency for the due discharge of their important task.


  NEW EDITIOH,printed in imperial octavo, i n two volumes, price 21s. each,
            T H E BOOK OF BRITISH BALLADS,
                EDITED BY S. C. HALL, ESQ. F.S.A.
       W\30UM FOUR HUNDRED ULLMIUIAUUQWI @M WQQD.
  This publication includes the choicest of those reliques that have been gathered
with so much industry and labour, by PERCY,EVANS,RITSON,ELLIS, SCOTT,
JAMESON,  PILKINGTON,  MOTHERWELL,   and others ; the majority of which, although
they rank among the most popular compositions in the language, have never yet
been brought together. The Engravings are on Wood, from Drawings by the
most eminent of our British Artists; and, as an illustration is introduced upon
every page, the volume contains about Four Hundred Embellishments.
  The Illustrations have been engraved by the most eminent British Wood
Engravers, from Drawings by
      HERBERT, A.R.A.
      REDGRAVE, A.R.A.
                                      CORBOULD.
                                      KENNY MEADOWS.              I   K"SYLIAN.
      CRESWICK, A R.A.
      FRANKLIN.
                                      PATON.
                                      TOWNSEND.                   I   H. WARREN.
                                                                      A. CROWQUILL, &c. &c.
  Each Ballad is preceded by two pages giving its history, and supplying such
information concerning i t as the Editor has been able to obtain. I n these pages
are introduced, generally, the airs to which the Ballads were sung, and any
Pictorial Illustration that may explain the text.


ROYAL GEMS from the GALLERIES of EUROPE,
                   ENGRAVED AFTER PICTURES O F THE GREAT MASTERS.

        UBitb @otices, %iograpbicaI, WbtoricaI, 8s Beerriptibe,
                           BY S. C. HALL, F.S.A.
Containing Ninety highly-finished Plates, engraved i n the first style of art, by
            W. GREATBACH,   C. ROLLS,L. STOCKS,    COUSEN,
                                                        and others.
  Size of the Engravings, 66 inches by 94 inches. Complete i n two handsome
                               vols. cloth gilt, 51.
  "They (the plates) are very well engraved, transmitting t h e beauty of the painting to t h e
engraved resemblance, and conveying a good ideaol' the brilliancy and clearness of t h e painters.
That this work is a help to good taste, and will do good for the Arts, nobody will deny."-Times.


                 A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
           LONDON:                                  ROW.
