146           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Come ! Your sister Betsey Trotwood would have told me what she
thought of any one, directly. Be as like your sister as you can, and
speak out !"
    " Is he-is Mr. Dick-I ask because I don't know, aunt-is he at all out
of his mind, then ? " I stammered ; for I felt I was on dangerous ground.
    "Not a morsel," said my aunt.
    "Oh, indeed! " I observed faintly.
    "If there is anything in the world," said my aunt, with great decision
and force of manner, " that Mr. Dick is not, it's that."
    I had nothing better to offer, than another timid " Oh, indeed! "
    " H e has been called mad," said my aunt. " I have a selfish pleasure
in saying he has been called mad, or I should not have had the benefit of
his society and advice for these last ten years and upwards-in fact, ever
 since your sister, Betsey Trotwood, disappointed me."
    " So long as that ? " I said.

    "And nice people they were, who had the audacity to call him mad,"
pursued my aunt. " Mr. Dick is a sort of distant connexion of mine-it
doesn't matter how; I needn't enter into that. If it hadn't been for
me, his own brother would have shut him up for life. That's all."
    I am afraid it was hypocritical in me, but seeing that my aunt felt
strongly on the subject, I tried to look as if I felt strongly too.
    " A proud fool! " said my aunt. "Because his brother was a little
eccentric-though he is not half so eccentric as a good many people-he
didn't like to have him visible about his house, and sent him away t o
some private asylum-place; though he had been left to his particular care
by their deceased father, who thought him almost a natural. And a wise
man he must have been to think so ! Mad himself, no doubt."
    Again, as my aunt looked quite convinced, I endeavoured to look quite
 convinced also.
    " So I stepped in," said my aunt, "and made him an offer. I said,
Your brother's sane-a great deal more sane than you are, or ever will
be, it is to be hoped. Let him have his little income, and come and
live with me. I am not afraid of him, I am not proud, I a m ready to
take care of him, and shall not ill-treat him as some people (besides the
asylum folks) have done. After a good deal of squabbling," said my
aunt, "I got him; and he has been here ever since. He is the most
friendly and amenable creature in existence ; and as for advice !-But
nobody knows what that man's mind is, except myself."
    My aunt smoothed her dress and shook her head, as if she smoothed
 defiance of the whole world out of the one, and shook it out of the other.
     " He had a favorite sister," said my aunt, " a good creature, and very
 kind to him. But she did what they all do-took a husband. And he
 did what they all do-made her wretched. I t had such an effect upon the
 mind of Mr. Dick (that's not madness I hope !) that, combined with his
fear of his brother, and his sense of his unkindness, it threw him into
 a fever. That was before he came to me, but the recollection of it is oppress-
ive to him even now. Did he say anything to you about King Charles
the First, child ? "
    "Yes, aunt."
     " Ah ! " said my aunt, rubbing her nose as if she were a little vexed.
 " That's his allegorical way of expressing it.       He connects his illness
