                        OF DAVID C O P P E R P ~ L D .                 46 5
Upon that, with the natural feelings of a mother, I said, ' Good God, I beg
your pardon ! ' fell over the door-step, and came away through the little
back passage where the pantry is."
   Mrs. Strong opened the window, and went out into the verandah, where
she stood leaning against a pillar.
   " But now isn't it, Miss Trotwood, isn't it, David, invigorating," said

Mrs. Markleham, mechanically following her with her eyes, " to find a
man at Doctor Strong's time of life, with the strength of mind to do this
kindofthing? I t only shows how right I was. I said to Annie, when
Doctor Strong paid a very flattering visit to myself, and made her the
subject of a declaration and an offer, I said, 'My dear, there is no doubt
whatever, in my opinion, with reference to a suitable provision for you,
that Doctor Strong will do more than he binds himself to do.' "
   Here the bell rang, and we heard the sound of the visitors' feet as they
went out.
   " It's all over, no doubt," said the Old Soldier, after listening; " the

dear creature has signed, sealed, and delivered, and his mind's at rest.
Well it may be ! What a mind ! Annie, my love, I am going to the Study
with my paper, for I am a poor creature without news. Miss Trotwood,
David, pray come and see the Doctor."
   I was conscious of Mr. Dick's standing in the shadow of the room,
shutting up his knife, when we accompanied her to tlie Study ; and of my
aunt's rubbing her nose violently, by the way, as a mild vent for her
intolerance of our military friend ; but who got first into the Study, or how
Mrs. Markleham settled herself in a moment in her easy chair, or how my
aunt and I came to be left together near the door (unless her eyes were
quicker than mine, and she held me back), I have forgotten, if I ever knew.
But this I know,-that we saw the Doctor before he saw us, sitting at his
table, among the folio volumes in which he delighted, resting his head
calmly on his hand. That, in the same moment, we saw Mrs. Strong glide
in, pale and trembling. That Mr. Dick supported her on his arm. That
he laid his other hand upon the Doctor's arm, causing him to look up with
an abstracted air. That, as the Doctor moved his head, his wife dropped
down on one knee at his feet, and, with her hands imploringly lifted, fixed
upon his face the memorable look I had never forgotten. That at this
sight Mrs. Markleham dropped the newspaper, and stared more like a
figure-head intended for a ship to be called The Astonishment, than any-
thing else I can think of.
   The gentleness of the Doctor's manner and surprise, the dignity that
mingled with tlie supplicating attitude of his wife, the amiable concern
of Mr. Dick, and the earnestness with which my aunt said to herself,
" That man mad ! " (triumphantly expressive of the misery from which she
had saved him), I see and hear, rather than remember, as I write about it.
   "Doctor ! " said Mr. Dick. " What is it that's amiss? Look here ! "
   " Annie ! " cried the Doctor.    "Not at my feet, my dear ! "
   " Yes ! " she said. " I beg and pray that no one will leave the room !
Oh, my husband and father, break this long silence. Let us both know
what it is that has come between us ! "
   Mrs. Markleham, by this time recovering the power of speech, and
seeming to swell with family pride and motherly indignation, here
                                                              H H
