                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

 instrument of good to Mr. Wickfield, and that I may be more so. Oh
 what a worthy man he is, Mister Copperfield, but how imprudent he has
 been ! "
     " I am sorry to hear it," said I. I could not help adding, rather
 pointedly, " on all accounts."
     " Decidedly so, Mister Copperfield," replied Uriah.      " On all accounts.
 Miss Agnes's above all ! You don't remember your own eloquent expres-
 sions, Master Copperfield; but I remember how you said one day that
 everybody must admire her, and how I thanked you for it ! You have
 forgot that, I have no doubt, Master Copperfield?"
     "No," said I, drily.
     " Oh how glad I am, you have not ! " exclaimed Uriah. " To think
 that you should be the first to kindle the sparks of ambition in my umble
 breast, and that you've not forgot it ! Oh !-Would you excuse me
 asking for a cup more coffee? "
    Something in the emphasis he laid upon the kindling of those sparks,
 and something in the glance he directed at me as he said it, had made me
 start as if I had seen him illuminated by a blaze of light. Recalled by his
request, preferred in quite another tone of voice, I did the honors of the
shaving-pot ; but I did them with an unsteadiness of hand, a sudden sense
of being no match for him, and a perplexed suspicious anxiety as to what
he might be going to say next, which I felt could not escape his observation.
    He said nothing at all. H e stirred his coffee round and round, he sipped
it, he felt his chin softly with his grisly hand, he looked at the fire, he looked
about the room, he gasped rather than smiled at me, he writhed and undu-
lated about, in his deferential servility, he stirred and sipped again, but he
left the renewal of the conversation to me.
    " So, Mr. Wickfield," said I , at last, "who is worth five hundred of
you-or me ;" for my life, I think I could not have helped dividing that
part of the sentence with an awkward jerk; "has been imprudent, has
he, Mr. Heep ? "
    " Oh very imprudent indeed, Master Copperfield," returned Uriah,
sighing modestly. " Oh very much so ! But I wish you'd call me
Uriah, if you please. I t ' s like old times."
    "Well! Uriah," said I , bolting it out with some difficulty.
    " Thank you ! " he returned, with fervor. " Thank you, Master Copper-
field ! I t 's like the blowing of old breezes or the ringing of old
bellses to hear you say Uriah. I beg your pardon. Was I making any
observation ? "
    " About Mr. Wickfield," I suggested.
    " Oh ! Yes, truly,"     said Uriah. "Ah ! Great imprudence, Master
Copperfield. I t ' s a topic that I wouldn't touch upon, to any soul but
you. Even to you I can only touch upon it, and no more. If any one
else had been in my place during the last few years, by this time he would
have had Mr. Wickfield (oh, what a worthy man he is, Master Copperfield,
too !) under his thumb. Un-der-his            thumb," said Uriah, very slowly,
as he stretched out his cruel-looking hand above my table, and pressed his
own thumb down upon it, until it shook, and shook the room.
    If I had been obliged to look at him with his splay foot on Mr. Wick-
field's head, I think I could scarcely have hated him more.
    " Oh dear, yes, Master Copperfield," he proceeded, in a soft voice, most
