 4              THE HOUSEHOLD NARRATIVE.

 connexion with our Weekly Miscellany would enable us to
 produce it.
    The first number of THE HOUSEHOLD       NARRATIVE   will appear
 as a Supplement to the first monthly part of "Household
 Words," published at the end of the present month of APRIL.
 As the Volume for 1850 would be incomplete (in consequence
 of our not having commenced this publication at the beginning
of a year) without a backward reference to the three months of
 JANUARY,   FEBRUARY,   and MARCH,a similar number of THE
 HOUSEHOLD    NARRATIVE   for each of those months will be pub-
lished before the year is out.
   I t is scarcely necessary to explain that it is not proposed to
render the purchase of THE HOUSEHOLD        NARRATIVE  compulsory
on the purchasers of Household Words ; and that the Supple-
mentary Number, though always published at the same time as
our Monthly Part, will therefore be detached from it, and
published separately.
   Nor is i t necessary for us, we believe, to expatiate on our
leading reasons for adding this new undertaking to our present
enterprise. The intimate connexion between the facts and
realities of the time, and the means by which we aim, in
"HOUSEHOLD WORDS," to soften what is hard in them, to
exalt what is held in little consideration, and to show the latent
hope there is in what may seem unpromising, needs not to be
pointed out. All that we sought to express in our Preliminary
Word, in reference to this work, applies, we think, to its pro-
posed companion. As another humble means of enabling those
who accept us for their friend, to bear the world's rough-cast
events to the anvil of courageous duty, and there beat them into
a shape, we enter on the project, and confide in its success.


           The Number for MAY will be
             published on the 1st of June.
*,*   The Number for APRIL (published on the 1st of May)
          may Cy6e had of all Booksellers and Newsmen.
                                    [Bradbury &Evan%,Printer+ Whitefriars
