3 24          THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

in being asked to do it, yet she persisted, all day long, in toiling under
 weights that she was quite unequal to, and fagging to and fro on all sorts
 of unnecessary errands. As to deploring her misfortunes, she appeared to
have entirely lost the recollection of ever having had any. She preserved
 an equable cheerfulness in the midst of her sympathy, which was not the
least astonishing part of the change that had come over her. Querulous-
ness was out of the question. I did not even observe her voice to
falter, or a tear to escape from her eyes, the whole day through, until
twilight; when she and I and Mr. Peggotty being alone together, and
he having fallen asleep in perfect exhaustion, she broke into a half-sup-
pressed fit of sobbing and crying, and taking me to the door, said,
" Ever bless you, Mas'r Davy, be a friend to him, poor dear ! "  Then, she
immediately ran out of the house to wash her face, in order that she might
sit quietly beside him, and be found at work there, when he should awake.
I n short I left her, when I went away at night, the prop and staff of
Mr. Peggotty's affliction; and I could not meditate enough upon the
lesson that I read in Mrs. Gummidge, and the new experience she un-
folded to me.
    I t was between nine and ten o'clock when, strolling in a melancholy
manner through the town, I stopped at Mr. Omer's door. Mr. Omer
had taken it so much to heart, his daughter told me, that he had been
very low and poorly all day, arid had gone to bed without his pipe.
    " A deceitful, bad-hearted girl,"   said Mrs. Joram. "There was no
good in her, ever ! "
    "Don't say so," I returned. " You don't think so."
    " Yes, I do ! " cried Mrs. Joram, angrily.
    " NO, no," said I.

    Mrs. Joram tossed her head, endeavouring to be very stern and
cross; but she could not command her softer self, and began to cry.
I was young, to be sure; but I thought much the better of her for this
sympathy, and fancied it became her, as a virtuous wife and mother, very
well indeed.
    " What will she ever do ! " sobbed Minnie. " Where will she go !
What will become of her! Oh, how could she be so cruel, to herself
and him ! "
    I remembered the time when Minnie was a young and pretty girl; and
I was glad that she remembered it too, so feelingly.
    " My little Minnie," said Mrs. Joram, "has only just now been got to

sleep. Even in her sleep she is sobbing for Em'ly. All day long, little
Minnie has cried for her, and asked me, over and over again, whether Em'ly
was wicked? What can I say to her, when Em'ly tied a ribbon off her
own neck round little Minnie's the last night she was here, and laid her
head down on the pillow beside her till she was fast asleep ! The ribbon 's
round my little Minnie's neck now. I t ought not to be, perhaps, but what
can I do ? Em'ly is very bad, but they were fond of one another. And
the child knows nothing ! "
    Mrs. Joram was so unhappy, that her husband came out to take care
of her. Leaving them together, I went home to Peggotty's ; more melan-
 choly myself, if possible, than I had been yet.
    That good creature-I mean Peggotty-all untired by her late anxieties
