                              EXHIBITION
                                              OF

INDUSTRY O F ALL N A T I O N S ;
                     TO BE HELD I N LONDON I N 1851.

HER MAJESTY'SCOMMISSIONERS
                        for the Promotion of the EXHIBITIONOF                  THE WORKSOF
INDUSTRY OF   ALL   NATIONS,to be holden in 1851, having had the various subjects of their
inquiry under their anxious consideration, are now prepared to state, for the information of
the public, the progress they have made in determining on the different points referred
to in their announcement of the 11th January last.
    The decisions they have been able to come to have been necessarily limited by their
present want of knowledge as to what pecuniary means will be placed at their disposal ; and
the shortness of the time, during which this vast organization will have to be completed
renders i t imperative upon the Commissioners to make an earnest appeal to the country, to
enable them as soon as possible, to know upon what amount of subscriptions they may
ultimately rely.
    The scale upon which this important undertaking will be conducted, must depend entirely
on the amount of pecuniary support which it shall receive from the public. Her Majesty's
Commissioners appeal with confidence to all classes of the community, to enable them to
make such liberal arrangements as will ensure the success of this undertaking, in a manner
worthy of the character and position of this country, and of the invitation which has been
given to the other nations of the world to compete with us in a spirit of generous and
friendly emulation.
    The Commissioners have fixed upon the 1st day of Yay, 1851, for opening the Exhibition.
    The Commissioners will be prepared to receive and take care of, at the expense of the
Commissioners, all articles which may be sent to them, and delivered at a place to be named
by the Commissioners in London, on or after the 1st of January, 1851, and will continue so
to receive goods until the 1st of March inclusive; after which day no further -     goods will
be receive&
    Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to grant a site for this purpose on the south side
of Hyde Park, lying between the Kensington Drive and the Ride commonly called
Rotten Row.
    From the approximate estimate which the Commissioners have been able to make, they
believe that the Building ought to cover a space of from 16 to 20 Acres, or about One million
of Square Feet.
    The Productions of all Nations will be exhibited together, under one General Classification.
    The Articles exhibited will be divided into Four Sections, as before announced, and a
Classified List, together with general instructions affecting each Department, are appended.
Her Majesty's Commissioners wish to express their grateful sense of the valuable assistance
which they have received in drawing up that List from the Members of the Sectional
Committees.
    The Building will be provided to the Exhibitors free from rent, and will be fire-proof.
    Exhibitors will be required to deliver their objects, at their own charge and risk, at the
Building in the Park; but no charges of any kind will be made whilst they remain there.
    Colonial and Foreign productions will be admitted without paying duty, for the purposes
of exhibition, but not for internal consumption. Her Majesty's Commissioners of Customs
will consider all such Articles as Bonded Goods; and Her Majesty's Commissioners for the
Exhibition of 1851 will make suitable arrangements for their reception.
    Her Majesty's Commissioners are desirous that there should be complete local organiza-
tion, and that the Local Committees, wherever formed, should themselves collect the
Subscriptions within their own districts. The Local Committees should advertise dl
Subscriptions they receive, and defray all local expenses, paying such commission for
collection as they may think necessary.
    Her Majesty's Commissioners think that the same complete system of organization should
be extended as much as possible to the British Colonies.
    Subscriptions should be paid to the Treasurers of Local Committees, and by them trans-
ferred to the General Fund at the Bank of Eneland. in the names of A. K. Barclav. Esa..
W. Cotton, Esq., Sir J. W. Lubbock, Bart., S. M. Peto, Esq., M.P., and Baron ~(ooheeli e
Rothschild. M.P.
    Her Mijesty's Commissioners having undertaken the absolute control over the expenditure
of all money that may come into the hands of their Treasurers, have made arrangements for
auditing accounts, and ensuring the strictest economy.
