                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                            5
                                                                               --




                                                        .-

P E R F E C T FREEDOM FROM COUGHS I N T E N MINUTES, AND INSTANT R E L I E F
       AND A R A P I D CURE O F ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION, COUGHS,
            COLDS, AND A L L DISORDERS O F T H E B R E A T H AND LUNGS,
                                                    A R E INSURED BY


DR.     L O Ccontainirvg
              O C K 'many
 \* SntalZ        ~OO~ZS)
                             P U Lof p~operZy
                         S hzllzd~eds         I C WTestimonials,
                                      M O Nauthenticated A F E RmaySbe. .
                                              had from evely Agent.
Cure of a 14 years' Asthmatic Cough.                          Extract of a Letter from Mr. J a m e s Macarthy, Medical
                                                                           Hall, 4, Essex Bridge, Dublin,
  I. Thomas Carter, Egremont, Cheshire, h a d a n               'I Gentlemen*-I     can hea= testimony to the efficacy
asthmatic          for fourteen years ;        ever           of DR. LOCOCK'SWafers, which a c t as a ~ p e c l f i ci n
gave me relief until I commenced takingDr. LococK,s           affections o f t h e Lungs, viz. : Influenza, Colds.
Pulmonlc Wafers, three boxes of which have entirely           Asthma, Irritation, Cough, &c.
cured me.       (Signed)         THOMAS CARTER.                 T o m a n y elderly persons who could n o t leave
  Witness, Mr. Geo. H. Howell,                                home o n a damp or foggy day, they prove a complete
      Chemist, Dale St., Liverpool.                           boon, &c. &c.       (Signed)     JAMES MACARTHY.'
  T O SINGERS AND PUBLIC SPEAKERS they a r e invaluable, a s in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
  They have a pleasant taste. Price 1s. lSd., 2s. 9d., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS  : DA SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by a11 Medicine Vendors

                         k2la0, %zotecteb $2 %%ogaIrlLetfere %&tent.
                      DR. LOCOCK'S FEMALE WAFERS.
  HAVE NO TASTE OF MEDICINE,                and a r e t h e o n l y remedy recommended t o be t a k e n by Ladies. T h e y
fortify t h e constitution a t all periods of Ilfe, and i n all Nervous Affections a c t like a Charm. They remove
Heaviness, Fatigue o n Slight Exertion, Palpitation of t h e Heart, Lowness of Spirits, Weakness, a n d Aliay
Pain.
  They create Appetite, and remove Indigestion Heart-burn Wind Head.aches, Giddiness, &c.
  I n Hysterical Diseases, a proper perseverance i n t h e uge of this Medicine will be found t o effect a Cure
after ail other m e a n s have failed.
                                        *** Full Directions a r e given with every box.
  N o ~ ~ . - T h e s e Wafers do n o t contain a n y Mineral, a n d may be taken either dissolved inwater, o r whole.
                                  Price 1s. 1+d, 2s. 9d., and 11s. per Box.
      The 2s. Qd. Boxes contain nearly three of t h e small size,and the 11s. Boxes five o f those at 29.9d.
                     BEWARE O F COUNTERFEITS I N T H E FORM O F PILLS, &c.
