              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AXD EXPERIENCE

    I gave Mr. Peggotty to understand that she was as jolly as I could
wish, and that she desired her compliments-which was a polite fiction
on my part.
    " I 'm much obleeged to her, I 'm sure,"     said Mr. Peggotty. c r Well
sir, if you can make out here, fur a fortnut, 'long wi' her," nodding at
his sister, " and Ham, and little Em'ly, we shall be proud of your
company."
    Having done the honors of his house in this hospitable manner,
Mr. Peggotty went out to wash himself in a kettleful of hot water, remarking
that 'I cold would never get his muck off."        He soon returned, greatly
improved in appearance ; but so rubicund, that I couldn't help thinking
his face had this in common with the lobsters, crabs, and crawfish,-that
it went into the hot water very black, and came out very red.
   After tea, when the door was shut and all was made snug (the nights
being cold and misty now), it seemed to me the most delicious retreat
that the imagination of man could conceive. To hear the wind getting
up out at sea, to know that the fog was creeping over the desolate flat
outside, and to look at the fire, and think that there was no house near
but this one, and this one a boat, was like enchantment. Little Em'ly
had overcome her shyness, and was sitting by my side upon the lowest
and least of the lockers, which was just large enough for us two, and just
fitted into the chimney corner. Mrs. Peggotty with the white apron, was
knitting on the opposite side of the fire. Peggotty at her needle-work
was as much at home with Saint Paul's and the bit of wax-candle, as if
they had never known any other roof. Ham, who had been giving me
my first lesson in all-fours, was trying to recollect a scheme of telling
fortunes with the dirty cards, and was printing off fishy impressions of his
thumb on all the cards he turned. Mr. Peggotty was smoking his pipe.
I felt it was a time for conversation and confidence.
    " Mr. Peggotty ! " says I.
    "Sir," says he.
    " Did you give your son the name of Ham, because you lived in a sort
of ark ? "
   Mr. Peggotty seemed to think it a deep idea, but answered :
    " No, sir. I never giv him no name."
    "Who gave him that name, then? " said I, putting question number
two of the catechism to Mr. Peggotty.
    "Why, sir, his father giv it him," said Mr. Peggotty.
    " I thought you were his father ! "
    " My brother Joe was his father," said Mr. Peggotty.

    " Dead, Mr. Peggotty ? "     I hinted, after a respectful pause.
    " Drowndead," said Mr. Peggotty.
    I was very much surprised that Mr. Peggotty was not Ham's father,
and began to wonder whether I was mistaken about his relationship to
anybody else there. I was so curious to know, that I made up my mind
to have it out with Mr. Peggotty.
    " Little Em'ly," I said, glancing at her. "She is your daughter, isn 't
she, Mr. Peggotty ? "
    " No, sir.   My brother in law, Tom, was her father."
