                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           331
   " Since you oblige me to speak more plainly, which I am very unwilling

to do, her humble connexions would render such a thlng impossible, if
nothing else did."
   " Hark to this, ma'am," he returned, slowly and quietly.     " You know
what it is to love your ch~ld. So do I. If she was a hundred times my
ch~ld,I couldn't love her more. You doen't know what it is to lose your
child. I do. All the heaps of riches in the wureld would be nowt to me
(if they was mine) to buy her back ! But, save her from this disgrace,
and she shall never be disgraced by us. Not one of us that she's growed
up among, not one of us that's lived along with her, and had her for
their all in all, these many year, will ever look upon her pritty face again.
We '11 be content to let her be ; we'll be content to think of her, far off,
as if she was underneath another sun and sky; we '11 be content to trust
her to her husband,-to       her little children p'raps,-and  bide the time
when all of us shall be alike in quality afore our God ! "
   The rugged eloquence with which he spoke, was not devoid of all
effect. She still preserved her proud manner, but there was a touch of
 softness in her voice, as she answered:
    " I justify nothing.   I make no counter-accusations. But I am sorry to
 repeat, it is impossible. Such a marriage would irretrievably blight my
 son's career, and ruin his prospects. Noth~ngis more certain than
that it never can take place, and never will. If there is any other
compensation-"
   " I am looking at the likeness of the face," interrupted Mr. Peggotty,
with a steady but a kindling eye, "that has looked at me, in my home, at
my fireside, in my boat-wheer not ?-smiling and friendly, when it was
so treacherous, that I go half wild when I think of it. If the likeness of
that face don't turn to burning fire, at the thought of offering money to
me for my child's blight and ruin, it's as bad. I doen't know, being a
lady's, but what it's worse."
   She changed now, in a moment. An angry flush overspread her
features ; and she said, in an intolerant manner, grasping the arm-chair
tightly with her hands :
   "What compensation can you make to me for opening such a pit
between me and my son? What is your love to mine? What is your
separation to ours ? '"
   Miss Dartle softly touched her, and bent down her head to whisper, but
she would not hear a word.
   " No, Rosa, not a word !     Let the man listen to what I say ! My son,
who has been the object of my life, to whom its every thought has been
devoted, whom I have gratified from a chlld in every wish, from whom I
have had no separate existence since his birth,-to take up in a moment
with a miserable girl, and avoid me ! To repay my confidence with sys-
tematic deception, for her sake, and quit me for her ! To set this wretched
fancy, against his mother's claims upon his duty, love, respect, gratitude-
claims that every day and hour of his life should have strengthened into
ties that nothing could be proof against ! Is this no injury? "
   Again Rosa Dartle tried to soothe her ; again ineffectually.
   " I say, Rosa, not a word ! If he can stake his all upon the lightest
object, I can stake my all upon a greater purpose. Let him go where he
