               THE PERSONAL EIISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I turned back, and inquired of my conductor, as we went along, how
Mrs. Steerforth was. She said her lady was but poorly, and kept her own
room a good deal.
   When we arrived at the house, I was directed to Miss Dartle in the
garden, and left to make my presence known to her myself. She was
sitting on a seat at one end of a kind of terrace, overlooking the great city.
It was a sombre evening, with a lurid light in the sky; and as I saw the
prospect scowling in the distance, with here and there some larger object
starting up into the sullen glare, I fancied it was no inapt companion to
the memory of this fierce woman.
   She saw me as I advanced, and rose for a moment to receive me. I
thought her, then, still more colorless and thin than when I had seen her
last ; the flashing eyes still brighter, and the scar still plainer.
   Our meeting was not cordial. We had parted angrily on the last
occasion ; and there was an air of disdain about her, which she took no
pains to conceal.
   " I am told you wish to speak to me, Miss Dartle;" said I, standing
near her, with my hand upon the back of the seat, and declining her
gesture of invitation to sit down.
   " If you please," said she. " Pray has this girl been found? "
   " No."
   " And yet she has run away ! "
   I saw her thin lips working while she looked at me, as if they were
eager to load her with reproaches.
    " Run away ? " I repeated.
    " Yes ! From him," she said with a laugh. " If she is not found,
perhaps she never will be found. She may be dead ! "
   The vaunting cruelty with which she met my glance, I never saw
 expressed in any other face that ever 1 have seen.
    " To wish her dead," said I, " may be the kindest wish that one of
her own sex could bestow upon her. I am glad that time has softened
you so much, Miss Dartle."
    She condescended to make no reply, but, turning on me with another
scornful laugh, said :
    " The friends of this excellent and much-injured young lady are friends

of yours. You are their champion, and assert their rights. Do you wish
to know what is known of her?
    "Yes," said I.
   She rose with an ill-favored smile, and, taking a few steps towards a
wall of holly that was near at hand, dividing the lawn from a kitchen-
garden, said, in a louder voice, " Come here ! "-as      if she were calling to
some unclean beast.
    " You wlll restrain any demonstrative championship or vengeance in

this place, of course, Mr. Copperfield ? " said she, looking over her shoulder
at me with the same expression.
    I inclined my head, without knowing what she meant; and she said,
 " Come here ! " again ; and returned, followed by the respectable Mr.
 Littimer, who, with undiminished respectability, made me a bow, and
 took up his position behind her. The air of wicked grace : of triumph, in
