224            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 creeping sorrowfully round the house, and murmuring low through our
 unbroken silence, was there to listen.
    As to hbs. Gummidge, he roused that victim of despondency with a
 success never attained by any one else (so Mr. Peggotty informed me) since
 the decease of the old one. H e left her so little leisure for being miserable
 that she said next day she thought she must have been bewitched.
    But he set up no monopoly of the general attention, or the conversa-
 tion. When little Em'ly grew more courageous, and talked (but still
 bashfully) across the fire to me, of our old wanderings upon the beach, to
 pick up shells and pebbles; and when I asked her if she recollected how
 I used to be devoted to her ; and when we both laughed and reddened,
 casting these looks back on the pleasant old times, so unreal to look at now ;
 he was silent and attentive, and observed us thoughtfully. She sat, at
 this time, and all the evening, on the old locker in her old little corner
by the fire-Ham beside her, where I used to sit. I could not satisfy
 myself whether it was in her own little tormenting way, or in a maidenly
reserve before us, that she kept quite close to the wall, and away from
 him ; but I observed that she did so, all the evening.
    As I remember, it was almost midnight when we took our leave. We
 had had some biscuit and dried fish for supper, and Steerforth had pro-
 duced from his pocket a full flask of Hollands, which we men (I may say
 we men, now, without a blush) had emptied. We parted merrily; and
as they all stood crowded round the door to light us as far as they could
upon our road, I saw the sweet blue eyes of little Em'ly peeping after
us, from behind Ham, and heard her soft voice calling to us to be careful
how we went.
    " A most engaging little Beauty ! " said Steerforth, taking my arm.

 "Well ! It's a quaint place, and they are quaint company, and it's quite
a new sensation to mix with them."
    " How fortunate we are, too," I returned, " to have arrived to witness

their happiness in that intendedmarriage ! I never saw people so happy.
How delightful to see it, and to be made the sharers in their honest
joy, as wehave been! "
    "That's rather a chnckle-headed fellow for the girl; isn't h e ? " said
Steerforth.
    H e had been so hearty with him, and with them all, that I felt a shock
in this unexpected and cold reply. But turning quickly upon him, and
seeing a laugh in his eyes, I answered, much relieved :
    "Ah, Steerforth ! It's well for you to joke about the poor ! You
may skirmish with Miss Dartle, or try to hide your sympathies in jest
from me, but I know better. When I see how perfectly you understand
them, how exquisitely you can enter into happiness like this plain
fisherman's, or humour a love like my old nurse's, I know that there is
not a joy or sorrow, not an emotion, of such people, that can be indifferent
to you. And I admire and love you for it, Steerforth, twenty times the
more ! "
    He stopped, and, looking in my face, said, "Daisy, I believe you are in
earnest, and are good. I wish we all were ! " Next moment he was
gaily singing Mr. Peggotty's song, as we walked at a round pace back to
Yarmouth.
