                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          345
you should call it a happiness at all. But of course you don't mean what
you say. And I am sure no one doubts your being at liberty to do what-
 ever you like. Jip, you naughty boy, come here ! ''
    I don't know how I did it. I did it in a moment. I intercepted Jip. I had
Dora in my arms. I was full of eloquence. I never stopped for a word.
I told her how I loved her. I told her I should die without her. I told
her that I idolised and worshipped her. Jip barked madly all the time.
    When Dora hung her head and cried, and trembled, my eloquence
increased so much the more. If she would like me to die for her, she
had but to say the word, and I was ready. Life without Dora's love was
not a thing to have on any terms. I couldn't bear it, and I wouldn't. I
had loved her every minute, day and night, since I first saw her. I loved
her at that minute to distraction. I should always love her, every minute,
to distraction. Lovers had loved before, and lovers would love again;
but no lover had ever loved, might, could, would, or should ever love, as
I loved Dora. The more I raved, the more Jip barked. Each of us, in
his own way, got more mad every moment.
    Well, well ! Dora and I were sitting on the sofa by-and-by, quiet
enough, and Jip was lying in her lap, winking peacefully at me. I t was
 off my mind. I was in a state of perfect rapture. Dora and I were
engaged.
    I suppose we had some notion that this was to end in marriage. We
must have had some, because Dora stipulated that we were never to be
married without her papa's consent. But, in our youthful ecstacy, I
don't think that we really looked before us or behind us; or had any
aspiration beyond the ignorant present. We were to keep our secret from
Mr. Spenlow; but I am sure the idea never entered my head, then, that there
was anything dishonorable in that.
    Miss Mills was more than usually pensive when Dora, going to find her,
brought her back ;-I apprehend, because there was a tendency in what had
passed to awaken the slumbering echoes in the caverns of memory. But
she gave us her blessing, and the assurance of her lasting friendship, and
spoke to us, generally, as became a Voice from the Cloister.
    What an idle time it was ! What an unsubstantial, happy, foolish time
it was !
    When I measured Dora's finger for a ring that was to he made of
Forget-me-nots, and when the jeweller, to whom I took the measure, found
me out, and laughed over his order book, and charged me anything he
liked, for the pretty little toy, with its blue stones-so associated in my
remembrance with Dora's hand, that yesterday, when I saw such another,
by chance, on the finger of my own daughter, there was a momentary
stirring in my heart, like pain !
    When I walked about, exalted with my secret, and full of my own
interest, and felt the dignity of loving Dora, and of being beloved, so much,
that if I had walked the air, I could not have been more above the people
not so situated, who were creeping on the earth !
    When we had those meetings in the garden of the square, and sat within
the dingy summer-house, so happy, that I love the London sparrows to this
hour, for nothing else, and see the plumage of the tropics in their smoky
feathers !
