                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                     5

                             This day is Published, ilz small 8v0, pTiee 3s. 6d.,

          T H E E N C H A N T E D DOLL.
                                  $air@ 'Eale for %Little Beople.




                                      BY MARK LEMON.
               WITH NUMEROUS ILLUSTRATIONS BY RICHARD DOYLE.
  " The moral of the Tale is unexceptionable, and           " The ' Enchanted Doll' is a child's story-hook, but
one that is always welcome, and the thanks of that       with a moral for a man t o treasure."-Obseruer.
important minikin public for which the great New-          6. ~ h endeavonr
                                                                   ,           to inculcate a healthful moral
bury laboured in days of yore, are due t o Mr. Lemon     under the guise of a pleasing fiction, has been ac-
for this little book."-Examiner.                         complished with great taste in the little Fairy Tale
  " The Fairy Tale which Mr. Lemon has now pro-          before us. In the brief history of Jacob Pout, a doll-
duced. while it is picturesque and amusing. conveys      maker, and his opposite neighbour, Anthony Stubhs,
an excellent moral, and being intended for the           a silversmith, we have idleness and envy contrasted
perusal of young persons, is admirably adapted t o       with industry and benevolence. London, and the
their capacity by its style and the construction of      manners of the citizens i n the olden time, are de-
the plot. The Illustrations of Mr. Doyle are as          scribed i n a familiar and pleasing style, well c a l ~ ~ -
cleverly executed a s they are happily imagined."-       lated to instruct and improve the youthful mind:'--
                                      Morning Herald.                                             Sunday Times.
                                            -

                                In the Press, and will be Published in July,
                                                   THE

POETICAL WORKS OF ALEXANDER POPE.
          REVISED AND ARRANGED EXPRESSLY FOR YOUNG PERSONS AND SCHOOLS.

                                      BY W. C . MACREADY.

                           This day is Published, in one vol. 8v0,price 14s. cloth,
    MEDICAL AND (ECONOMICAL BOTANY,
Illustrated with upwards of Three Hundred Diagrams and Woodcuts. Being the THIRD PART o f The
                     ELEMENTS   OF BOTANY,Structural, Physiological, and Medical.
                  BY JOHN LINDLEY, P.H.D., F.R.S., &c. &c.
                                          Also, by the same Author,
PARTS 1 and 2. Forming the ELEMENTS   of BOTANY,Structural and Physiological.             With a Glossary of
                         Technical Terms. One vol. Svo, price 12s. cloth.
                     *,*    The Glossary may be had separately, price R u e Shillings.

                              BRADBURY & EVANS,         11,   BOUVERIE STREET.
