                          OF DAVLD COPPERFIELD.                           273
  sentenced in no end of costs ; and then the baker's proctor, and the judge,
  and the advocates on both sides (who were all nearly related), went out of
  town together, and Mr. Spenlow and I drove away in the phaeton.
     The phaeton was a very handsome affair; the horses arched their
  necks and lifted up their legs as if they knew they belonged to Doctors'
  Commons. There was a good deal of competition in the Commons on all
  points of display, and it turned out some very choice equipages then; though
  I always have considered,and always shall consider, that in my time the great
 article of competition there was starch : which I think was worn among
 the proctors to as great an extent as it is in the nature of man to bear.
     We were very pleasant, going down, and Mr. Spenlow gave me some
 hints in reference to my profession. He said it was the genteelest
 profession in the world, and must on no account be confounded with the
 profession of a solicitor : being quite another sort of thing, infinitely
 more exclusive, less mechanical, and more profitable. We took things
 much more easily in the Commons than they could be taken anywhere
 else, he observed, and that set us, as a privileged class, apart. He
 said it was impossible to conceal the disagreeable fact, that we were
 chiefly employed by solicitors; but he gave me to understand that they
were an inferior race of men, universally looked down upon by all proctors
 of any pretensions.
     I asked Mr. Spenlow what he considered the best sort of professional
business ? He replied, that a good case of a disputed will, where there
was a neat little estate of thirty or forty thousand pounds, was, perhaps,
the best of all. I n such a case, he said, not only were there very pretty
pickings in the way of arguments at every stage of the proceedings, and
 mountains upon mountains of evidence on interrogatory and counter-
 interrogatory (to say nothing of an appeal lying, first to the Delegates,
and then to the Lords); but, the costs being pretty sure to come out of
the estate at last, both sides went at it in a lively and spirited manner,
and expense was no consideration. Then, he launched into a general
 eulogium on the Commons. What was to be particularly admired (he
said) in the Commons, was its compactness. I t was the most conve-
niently organised place in the world. I t was the complete idea of snug-
ness. I t lay in a nut-shell. For example : You brought a divorce case,
or a restitution case, into the Consistory. Very good. You tried it in
the Consistory. You made a quiet little round game of it, among a
family group, and you played it out at leisure. Suppose you were not
satisfied with the Consistory, what did you do then? Why, you went
into the Arches. What was the Arches? The same court, in the same
room, with the same bar, and the same practitioners, but another judge,
for there the Consistory judge could plead any court-day as an advocate.
MTell, you played your round game out again. Still you were not
satisfied. Very good. What did you do then? Why, you went to the
Delegates. Who were the Delegates ? Why, the Eccles~asticalDelegates
were the advocates without any business, who had looked on at the
round game when it was playing in both courts, and had seen the cards
shuffled, and cut, and played, and had talked to all the players about it,
and now came fresh, as judges, to settle the matter to the satisfaction of
everybody ! Discontented people might talk of corruption in the Com-
mons, closeness in the Commons, and the necessity of reforming the
                                                                  T
