  Complete in three vols, royal 4to. price 41. 48. cloth, embellished with numerous
                         highly-finished Steel Engravings,

   THE REV. T. SCOTT'S COMMENTARY ON THE
                 HOLY BIBLE,
CONTAINING THE OLD AND NEW               TESTAYENTS, ACCORDING          TO THE AUTHORIZED VERSION,

       Illustrated by Original Views of the Scenery and Remarkable
            Places in and around Jerusalem and the Holy Land,
                                                 INCLUDING
Accurate representations of the Scenes of the most important Events in Sacred
  History, the Life and Labours of the Saviour, and the Journeys of his Apostles.
With an Introductory Essay, and numerous Practical,Explanator~~,  & Critical Notes,
                     by the Rev. W. SYMINGTON,   D.D. Glasgow.


THE PRACTICAL WORKS OF RICHARD BAXTER.
 The only complete Edition. Reprinted, mit,houtabridgment, from the Original
                                collect'ed Edition.
With an Introductory Essay on the Genius and I i t i n g s of Baxter, R ROBERT PHILIP,
                         and a fine Portrait of BAXTER.
                           I n four volumes, imperial avo. cloth, 31. 38.
    To cvtrv rpli~iollsh m i l y ablt to atTo1.1a trifle for the purl h l = r of hoc,k&gt;, these vol~:mes:ire
reron~m~.nd;d:I% F c j n ~ a i n i n3~coniplcre lit,nl~.yt,f practical div~nity. S o 1nini.tt.r ut' C'hrirriar!
truth uught t~ t~!n lthbut t h e l l ~ . " - J - ~ . n e ~ , ? f ~ r ~ ~ ~ i s ! .



      THE WORKS O F THE REV. JOHN NEWTON,
Late Rector of the united Parishes of St. Mary Woolnoth and St. Mary. Woolchurch.
                         Ham, London. With a Portrait.
  Also, a LIFE O F THE AUTHOR, by the Rev. RICHARDCECIL; and an INTRODU~TION,
               by the Rev. FRANCIS  CUNNINGHAM, Yicar of Lowestoft.
                             I n one vol. super-royal 8vo. cloth, 188.


   THE WORKS OF THE REV. ANDREW FULLER.

                        Super-royal 8vo. With Engravings. Cloth, 12.48.
  " Coming on to modern theological writers, I recommend you to familiarize yourselves with the
works of the acute the philosoph~cal,the profound. the p ~ o u s ,Jonathan Edwards, and those o f
Andrew Fuller.      i
                   know nothing. like the latter for a beautiful combinat~onof doctrinal, pract~cal,
and experimental religion."-CounseZs to Students of Theology on leaezng CoClege, by John AngelG
Janzes.



   CONSOLATION FOR CHRISTIAN MOURNERS ;
A SERIES O F DISCOURSES OCCASIONED BY THE DEATH 01 FRIENDS, AND OTHER AFFLICTIYE
                                   DISPENSATIONS.

                                           D.D. of Coldstream.
                     By the Rev. ADAMTHOMSON,
                                       12mo. Price 5s. cloth.


                 A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
            LONDON:                                ROW.
