                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            23
there were some common colored pictures, framed and glazed, of scripture
subjects ; such as I have never seen since in the hands of pedlars, without
seeing the whole interior of Peggotty's brother's house again, at one view.
Abraham in red going to sacrifice Isaac in blue, and Daniel in yellow cast
into a den of green lions, were the most prominent of these. Over the
little mantel-shelf, was a picture of the Sarah Jane lugger, built a t
Sunderland, with a real little wooden stern stuck on to i t ; a work of art,
combining composition with carpentery, which I considered to be one of
the most enviable possessions that the world could afford. There were
some hooks in the beams of the ceiling, the use of which I did not divine
then; and some lockers and boxes and conveniences of that sort, which
served for seats and eked out the chairs.
    All this, I saw in the first glance after I crossed the threshold-child-
like, according to my theory-and then Peggotty opened a little door and
showed me my bedroom. I t was the completest and most desirable
bedroom ever seen-in the stern of the vessel ; with a little window, where
the rudder used to go through; a little looking-glass, just the right
height for me, nailed against the wall, and framed with oyster-shells ; a
little bed, which there was just room enough to get into; and a nosegay
of seaweed in a blue mug on the table. The walls were whitewashed as
white as milk, and the patchwork counterpane made my eyes quite ache
with its brightness. One thing I particularly noticed in this delightful
house, was the smell of fish ; which was so searching, that when I took
out my pocket-handkerchief to wipe my nose, I found it smelt exactly as
if i t had wrapped up a lobster. On my imparting this discovery
in confidence to Peggotty, she informed me that her brother dealt in
lobsters, crabs, and crawfish ; and I afterwards found that a heap of these
creatures, in a state of wonderful conglomeration with one another,
and never leaving off pinching whatever they laid hold of, were usually
to be found in a little wooden outhouse where the pots and kettles were
kept.
   We were welcomed by a very civil woman in a white apron, whom
I had seen curtseying at the door when I was on Ham's back,
about a quarter of a mile off. Likewise by a most beautiful little
girl (or I thought her so) with a necklace of blue beads on, who
wouldn't let me kiss her when I offered to, but ran away and hid herself.
By and by, when we had dined in a sumptuous manner off boiled dabs,
melted butter, and potatoes, with a chop for me, a hairy man with
a very good-natured face came home. As he called Peggotty "Lass,"
and gave her a hearty smack on the cheek, I had no doubt, from the
general propriety of her conduct, that he was her brother; and so he
turned out-being presently introduced to me as Mr. Peggotty, the
master of the house.
    " Glad to see you, sir," said Mr. Peggotty. "You'll find us rough,
sir, but you '11 find us ready."
    I thanked him, and replied that I was sure I should be happy in such
a delightful place.
    " How's    your Ma, sir," said Mr. Peggotty. "Did you leave her
pretty jolly ? "
