ledge of the Arts and Sciences, and of Ancient and Modern Literature,
as will enable them to take an interest in subjects constantly spoken of,
without penetrating into the depths of profound learning.
    Next to mental cultivation we place those Household Duties and Useful
and Elegant Occupations, in which women ought particularly to excel. I t
is not enough for a woman to be the companion of her husband ; she must
be his helpmate ; the tutelary genius of his house : she must watch over
his domestic comforts while he is engaged in the fatiguing duties of active
life ; and above all, she must make home comfortable to him, whether she
does it merely by the careful performance of her household duties, or adds
to them the graces of elegant accomplishments.
  I t is not only the poor man's wife who must attend to her Household
Duties ; every woman has household duties to perform, though they vary
according to her rank in life ; and in no one can we see the arduous
duties of wife and mother more admirably carried out to their fullest extent
than in the bright example held out to us by the Greatest, the Noblest, the
most Honoured, and most Beloved Lady in the realm.
   One important feature of this work will be to Advocate the Causes of
those Females who are Compelled to Labour, either mentally or bodily, for
their daily bread ; and to suggest some Means of Employment for the
Orphans of Clergymen, Artists, Officers, &c., who are, perhaps, more to
be pitied than any other class; as to them the privations and mortifications
they undergo are doubly embittered by recollections of the delicacy with
which they were reared, and by the refined tastes and sensitive feelings
which are almost inseparable from the education they have received.
   There are, of course, many minor points to be attended to, as, the
 Garden ; the Poultry-Yard ; Designs for Furniture, Fashions, and Work ;
 Reviews of Books ; In-door Occupations and Amusements, and many other
incidental topics arising from circumstances, or from the wants or wishes
of our readers. The Illustrations will have frequent reference to the sub-
jects just enumerated, but they will also include delineations of whatever
may be considered distinguished for interest or beauty.
   It must not, however, be supposed that the present publication is to take
entirely a serious character; on the contrary, the aim will be to combine
amusement with instruction, and to make the lighter parts as entertaining
as the more important parts are solid and valuable.
                                                     J. W. LOUDON.
  BAYSWATER,
      November 30th, 1849.


      LONDON: BRADBURY         & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET;
           Where all Communications for the Editor should he addressed,
