278           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  " You have just   come home from Paris," said I.
  " Yes," said she. " Have you ever been there?"
  " No."
   " Oh ! I hope you'll go soon. You would like it so much !"
   Traces of deep-seated anguish appeared in my countenance. That she
should hope I would go, that she should think it possible I could go, was
insupportable. I depreciated Paris; I depreciated France. I said I
wouldn't leave England, under existing circumstances, for any earthly
consideration. Nothing should induce me. I n short, she was shaking
the curls again, when the little dog came running along the walk to our
relief.
   H e was mortally jealous of me, and persisted in barking at me. She
took him up in her arms-oh my goodness!-and caressed him, but he
insisted upon barking still. He wouldn't let me touch him, when I tried ;
and then she beat him. I t increased my sufferings greatly to see the pats
she gave him for punishment on the bridge of his blunt nose, while he winked
his eyes, and licked her hand, and still growled within himself like a little
double-bass. At length he was quiet-well he might be with her dimpled
chin upon his head !-and we walked away to look at a greenhouse.
   " You are not very intimate with Miss Murdstone, are you?" said
Dora.-" My pet ! "
   (The two last words were to the dog. Oh if they had only been to
me !)
   " No," I replied. " Not at all so."
    " She is a tiresome creature," said Dora pouting.        " I can't think
what papa can have been about, when he chose such a vexatious thing to
be my companion. Who wants a protector! I am sure I don't want a
protector. Jip can protect me a great deal better than Miss Murdstone,-
 can't you, Jip dear ? "
   He only winked lazily, when she kissed his ball of a head.
   " Papa calls her my confidential friend, but I am sure she is no such

thing-is she, Jip ? 'We are not going to confide in any such cross people,
Jip and I. We mea'n to bestow our confidence where we like, and to
find out our own friends, instead of having them found out for us-don't
we, Jip ? "
   Jip made a comfortable noise, in answer, a little like a tea-kettle when
it sings. As for me, every word was a new heap of fetters, rivetted
above the last.
   " I t is very hard, because we have not a kind Mama, that we are to
have, instead, a sulky, gloomy old thing like Miss Murdstone, always
following us about-isn't     it, Jip? Never mind, Jip. We won't be
confidential, and we'll make ourselves as happy as we can in spite of her,
and we'll teaze her, and not please her,-won't we, Jip ? "
   If it had lasted any longer, I think I must have gone down on my knees
on the gravel, with the probability before me of grazing them, and of
being presently ejected from the premises besides. But, by good fortune
the greenhouse was not far off, and these words brought us to it.
   I t contained quite a show of beautiful geraniums. We loitered along
in front of them, and Dora often stopped to admire this one or that one,
and I stopped to admire the same one, and Dora, laughing, held the dog up
childishly, to smell the flowers ; and if we were not all three in Fairyland,
