200           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

perhaps often-in my old room; but the days of my inhabiting there
were gone, and the old time was past. I was heavier at heart when I
packed up such of my books and clothes as still remained there to be sent
to Dover, than I cared to show to Uriah Heep : who was so officious to help
me, that I uncharitably thought him mighty glad that I was going.
   I got away from Agnes and her father, somehow, with an indifferent
show of being very manly, and took my seat upon the box of the London
coach. I was so softened and forgiving, going through the town, that
I had half a mind to nod to my old enemy the butcher, and throw him
five shillings to drink. But he looked such a very obdurate butcher as he
stood scraping the great block in the shop, and moreover, his appearance
was so little improved by the loss of a front tooth which I had knocked
out, that I thought it best to make no advances.
   The main object on my mind, I remember, when we got fairly on the
road, was to appear as old as possible to the coachman, and to speak
extremely gruff. The latter point I achieved at great personal inconve-
nience ; but I stuck to it, because I felt it was a grown-up sort of thing.
   "You are going through, sir ?" said the coachman.
   " Yes, William," I said, condescendingly (I knew him) ; " I am going
to London. I shall go down into Suffolk afterwards."
   " Shooting, sir ? " said the coachman.
   H e knew as well as I did that it was just as likely, at that time of year,
I was going down there whaling ; but I felt complimented, too.
   " I don't know," I said, pretending to be undecided, "whether I shall
take a shot or not."
   "Birds is got wery shy, I 'm told," said William.
   " So I understand,"    said I.
   " I s Suffolk your county, sir?" asked William.
   " Yes,"   I said, with some importance, " Suffolk 's my county."
   " I ' m told the dumplings is uncommon fine down there," said
William.
   I was not aware of it myself, but I felt it necessary to uphold the
institutions of my county, and to evince a familiarity with them ; so I
shook my head, as much as to say '&lt; I believe you ! "
   " And the Punches,"        said William. " There's cattle ! A Suffolk
Punch, when he's a good un, is worth his weight in gold. Did you ever
breed any Suffolk Punches yourself, sir ?"
   " N-no,"     I said, " not exactly."
   " Here's a gen'lm'n behind me, I 'I1 pound it," said William, " as has

bred 'em by wholesale."
   The gentleman spoken of was a gentleman with a very unpromising
squint, and a prominent chin, who had a tall white hat on with a narrow
flat brim, and whose close-fitting drab trousers seemed to button all the way
up outside his legs from his boots to his hips. His chin was cocked over
the coachman's shoulder, so near to me, that his breath quite tickled the
back of my head ; and as I looked round at him, he leered at the leaders
with the eye with which he didn't squint, in a very knowing manner.
   " Ain't you ? " said William.

   " Ain't I what ? " asked the gentleman behind.

   " Bred them Suffolk Punches by wholesale ? "
