                        OF DAVID C O P P E R F ~ L D .                 105
but a broken sleep the night before, in anticipation of the pleasure of a
whole day with Em'ly. We were all astir betimes in the morning; and
while we were yet at breakfast, Mr. Barkis appeared in the distance,
driving a chaise-cart towards the object of his affections.
   Peggotty was drest as usual, in her neat and quiet mourning; but
Mr. Barkis bloomed in a new blue coat, of which the tailor had given him
such good measure, that the cuffs would have rendered gloves unnecessary
in the coldest weather, while the collar was so high that it pushed his hair
u p on end on the top of his head. His bright buttons, too, were of the
largest size. Rendered complete by drab pantaloons and a buff waistcoat,
I thought Mr. Barkis a phenomenon of respectability.
   When we were all in a bustle outside the door, I found that
Mr. Peggotty was prepared with an old shoe, which was to be thrown
after us for luck, and which he offered to Mrs. Gummidge for that
purpose.
   "No.       I t had better be done by somebody else, Dan'l," said
Mrs. Gummidge. " I 'm a lone lorn creetur' myself, and everythink that
reminds me of creetur's that ain't lone and lorn, goes contrairy with me."
   " Come, old gal ! " cried Mr. Peggotty. " Take and heave it ! "
    " No, Dan'l," returned Mrs. Gummidge, whimpering and shaking her
head. "If I felt less, I could do more. You don't feel like me, Dan'l ;
thinks don't go contrairy with you, nor you with them ; you had better do
it yourself."
   But here Peggotty, who had been going about from one to another in a
hurried way, kissing everybody, called out from the cart, in which we all
were by this time (Em'ly and I on two little chairs, side by side), that
Mrs. Gummidge must do it. So Mrs. Gummidge did it ; and, I am sorry
to relate, cast a damp upon the festive character of our departure, by
immediately bursting into tears, and sinking subdued into the arms of
Ham, with the declaration that she knowed she was a burden, and had
better be carried to the House at once. Which I really thought was a
sensible idea, that Ham might have acted on.
   Away we went, however, on our holiday excursion; and the first thing
we did was to stop at a church, where Mr. Barkis tied the horse to some
rails, and went in with Peggotty, leaving little Em'ly and me alone in the
chaise. I took that occasion to put my arm round Em'ly's waist, and
propose that as I was going away so very soon now, we should determine to
be very affectionate to one another, and very happy, all day. Little Em'ly
consenting, and allowing me to kiss her, I became desperate ; informing
her, I recollect, that I never could love another, and that I was prepared
to shed the blood of anybody who should aspire to her affections.
   How merry little Em'ly made herself about it ! With what a demure
assumption of being immensely older and wiser than I, the fairy little
woman said I was "a silly boy ;" and then laughed so charmingly that I
forgot the pain of being called by that disparaging name, in the pleasure
of looking at her.
   Mr. Barkis and Peggotty were a good while in the church, but came
out at last, and then we drove away into the country. As we were going
along, Mr. Barkis turned to me, and said, with a wink,-by-the-by,          I
 should hardly have thought, before, that he could wink :
    "What name was it as I wrote up in the cart ? "
