                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           177
faults, and she had plenty (though I am sure I don't know what they
were) ; and he sent his duty, and my little bedroom was always ready for
me. Mr. Peggotty was well, and Ham was well, and Mrs. Gummidge
 was but poorly, and little Em'ly wouldn't send her love, but said that
 Peggotty might send it, if she liked.
     All this intelligence I dutifully imparted to my aunt, only reserving to
 myself the mention of little Em'ly, to whom I instinctively felt that
 she would not very tenderly incline. While I was yet new at Doctor
  Strong's, she made several excursions over to Canterbury to see me, and
 always at unseasonable hours : with the view, I suppose, of taking me by
 surprise. But, finding me well employed, and bearing a good character, and
 hearing on all hands that I rose fast in the school, she soon discontinued
 these visits. I saw her on a Saturday, every third or fourth week, when I
went over to Dover for a treat ; and I saw Mr. Dick every alternate Wednes-
day, when he arrived by stage-coach at noon, to stay until next morning.
     On these occasions Mr. Dick never travelled without a leathern writing-
desk, containing a supply of stationery and the Memorial; in relation to
which document he had a notion that time was beginning to press now,
and that it really must be got out of hand.
    Mr. Dick was very partial to gingerbread. To render his visits the
 more agreeable, my aunt had instructed me to open a credit for him at a
cake-shop, which was hampered with the stipulation that he should not
be served with more than one shilling's-worth in the course of any one
day. This, and the reference of all his little bills at the county inn where
h e slept, to my aunt, before they were paid, induced me to suspect that
he was only allowed to rattle his money, and not to spend it. I found on
further investigation that this was so, or at least there was an agreement
between him and my aunt that he should account to her for all his
disbursements. As he had no idea of deceiving her, and always desired to
please her, he was thus made chary of launching into expense. On this
point, as well as on all other possible points, Mr. Dick was convinced that
my aunt was the wisest and most wonderful of women; as he repeatedly
told me with infinite secresy, and always in a whisper.
    "Trotwood," said Mr. Dick, with an air of mystery, after imparting
this confidence to me, one Wednesday ; "who's the man that hides near
our house and frightens her."
    " Frightens my aunt, sir ? "

    Mr. Dick nodded. " I thought nothing would have frightened her,"
he said, "for she 's-"     here he whispered softly, " don't mention it-the
wisest and most wonderful of women." Having said which, he drew
back, to observe the effect which this description of her made upon me.
    "The first time he came," said Mr. Dick, " was-let me see-sixteen
hundred and forty-nine was the date of King Charles's execution. J
think vou said sixteen hundred and forty-nine ? "
    " yes, sir."
    "I don't know how it can be," said Mr. Dick, sorely puzzled and
shaking his head. " I don't think I am as old as that."
    "Was it in that year that the man appeared, sir ? " I asked.
    "Why, really," said Mr. Dick, " I don't see how it can have been in
that year, Trotwood. Did you get that date out of history? "
    "Yes, sir."                                                 N
