4                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                                      ---     ---
                                   N E W PERIODICAL.
     Just published, to be contimed Jfonthly, price Hay-a-Crown,Illustrated with Five beaut$ully
                                      Coloured Plates, Part I. of
                                                     THE

GARDENERS' MAGAZINE OF BOTANY,
               HORTICULTURE, FLORICULTURE, AND NATURAL SCIENCE.
                                                CONDUCTED BY
    THOMAS MOORE, F.B.S., Curator of the Botanic Garden of the Society of Apothecaries, Chelsea.
    WILLIAM P, AYRES, C.M.H.S., Brooklands, Blackheath, Kent.
                                                    SSISTED
                                                    q.,   F.L.S.. Lecturer on Botany a t St. Georae's Hosuital.




  This Work is intended to be a Guide t o the Practical Gardener, and a Companion to Lady or Gentlemen
Amateurs. it will furnish instructions in the art of designing, laying out, selecting, and planting gardens and
pleasure-&ounds in the erection and heating of llorticultural buildings; in the application of scientific
principles to the krt of cultivation, and every other subject connected with the general management of the
garden, combined with descriptions of all new Popuiar Flowers, Fruits, and Vegetables.

                                            MODE OF PUBLICATION.
  This work will he published every Thursday morning (for Saturday), stitched in a neat wrapper. Each
number will consist of eight pages of elegantly printed letterpress; illustrated, when necessary, with
Engravings on Wood, in the best style of art. and a separate Plate, carefully drawn by a competent artist,
and coloured after nature.
  When there are only four Saturdays in the month, a Supplemental Number will be issued, which will com-
prise an entire treatise on some kindred subject connected with the objects of the Publication, and a coloured
Plate, illustrative either of Florists' Flowers, Fruits, or Insects destructive t o plants.
  Thus. in each month, will be issued Five Sixpenny Numbers, which will he stitched together t o form a
Monthly Part, price Half-a-Crown.
                            Wa. S. ORR & Co., Amen Corner, Paternoster Row.


EXHIBITION OF THE WORKS OF INDUSTRY OF
           ALL NATIONS, 1851.
   T h e C O M M I S S I O N E R S appointed b y HER MAJESTY f o r the promotion of the EXHI-
B I T I O N of THE W O R K S of I N D U S T R Y of A L L N A T I O N S , to be holden in the y e a r
1851, hereby give notice :-
  That the Exhibition is intended to take place in London in the early part of the year 1851.
  That It will be divided generally into the following Sections :-
       1. Raw materials and produce, illustrative of the natural productions on which human industry is
             emplisycd.
       2. Machinery Tor Agricultural. Manufacruring Engineering, and otller plirposes, and Mecl~anical
             Inventions. illustrative of tbe agent3 wlr;ch hunlan intger~uitybrings t o bear upon tllc products
             of nature.
       3. Manufactures, illustrative of the result produced by the operation of human industry upon natural
             produce.
       4. Sculpture, Models, and the plastic Art generally, illustrative of the taste and skill displayed in such
             application of human industry.
  That the productions of All Nations will be admitted to the Exhibition.
  That due notice will be given as to any articles or classes of art~cles,which it may he found necessary to
exclude from the Exhibition on account of theirsize, the impossibility of preserving them, o? for other reasons.
   That the conditions and regulations under which articles are to be admitted will be pubhshed hereafter.
  That Subscriptions all& Donations for the purpose of the Exhibition will be received by the Treasurers of the
Commission, (A. K.Barclay, E S ~;. W. Cotton, Esq.; Sir J. W.Luhbock, Bart. ; S. M. Peto, Esq.; and Baron
Lionel de Rothschild,) and may be paid to their account a t the Bank of England.01 through the hands of any
London or Country Banker who may be willing to take charge of the same.
  That the Commissioners will undertake the absolute control over the expenditure of all money that may
come into the hands of their Treasurers, and will cause it t o be expended in such manner as may seem to them
best calculated to promote the objects of the Exhibition.
                                           BY Order of the Commissioners.
                                                             J. SCOTT RUSSELL
                                                             STAFFORD H. NORTHCOTE              1 Sec"taries.
