                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          131
    What a different Sunday morning from the old Sunday morning at
Yarmouth ! I n due time I heard the church-bells ringing, as I plodded on ;
and I met people who were going to church; and I passed a church or
two where the congregation were inside, and the sound of singing came
out into the sun-shine, while the beadle sat and cooled himself in the
shade of the porch, or stood beneath the yew-tree, with his hand to his
forehead, glowering at me going by. But the peace and rest of the old
Sunday morning were on everything, except me. That was the difference.
I felt quite wicked in my dirt and dust, and with my tangled hair. But
for the quiet picture I had conjured up, of my mother in her youth and
beauty, weeping by the fire, and my aunt relenting to her, I hardly
think I should have had courage to go on until next day. But it always
went before me, and I followed.
   I got, that Sunday, through three-and-twenty miles on the straight road,
though not very easily, for I was new to that kind of toil. I see myself,
as evening closes in, coming over the bridge at Rochester, footsore and
tired, and eating bread that I had bought for supper. One or two little
houses, with the notice, "Lodgings for Travellers," hanging out, had
tempted me; but I was afraid of spending the few pence I had, and was
even more afraid of the vicious looks of the trampers I had met or over-
taken. I sought no shelter, therefore, but the sky; and toiling into
Chatham,-which, in that night's aspect, is a mere dream of chalk, and
drawbridges, and mastless ships in a muddy river, roofed like Noah's
arks,-crept, at last, upon a sort of grass-grown battery overhanging a
lane, where a sentry was walking to and fro. Here I lay down, near a
cannon; and, happy in the society of the sentry's footsteps, though he
knew no more of my being above him than the boys at Salem House had
known of my lying by the wall, slept soundly until morning.
   Very stiff and sore of foot I was in the morning, and quite dazed by
the beating of drums and marching of troops, which seemed to hem me
in on every side when I went down towards the long narrow street.
Feeling that I could go but a very little way that day, if I were to reserve
any strength for getting to my journey's end, I resolved to make the sale
of my jacket its principal business. Accordingly, I took the jacket off,
that I might learn to do without it ; and carrying it under my arm,
began a tour of inspection of the various slop-shops.
   I t was a likely place to sell a jacket in; for the dealers in second-hand
clothes were numerous, and were, generally speaking, on the look-out for
customers at their shop-doors. But as most of them had, hanging up
among their stock, an officer's coat or two, epaulettes and all, I was
rendered timid by the costly nature of their dealings, and walked about
for a long time without offering my merchandize to any one.
    This modesty of mine directed my attention to the marine-store shops,
and such shops as Mr. Dolloby's, in preference to the regular dealers. At
last I found one that I thought looked promising, at the corner of a dirty
lane, ending in an inclosure full of stinging nettles, against the palings of
which some second-hand sailors' clothes, that seemed to have overflowed
 the shop, were fluttering among some cots, and rusty guns, and oilskin
 hats, and certain trays full of so many old rusty keys of so many sizes
 that they seemed various enough to open all the doors in the world.
                                    K   2
