               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE




                            CHAPTER XVIII.
                               A RETROSPECT.
    MY school-days ! The silent gliding on of my existence-the unseen,
 unfelt progress of my life-from childhood up to youth ! Let me think, as
 I look back upon that flowing water, now a dry channel overgrown with
leaves, whether there are any marks along its course, by which I can
remember how it ran.
   A moment, and I occupy my place in the Cathedral, where we all went
together, every Sunday morning, assembling first at school for that pur-
pose. The earthy smell, the sunless air, the sensation of the world being
shut out, the resounding of the organ through the black and white arched
galleries and aisles, are wings that take me back, and hold me hovering
above those days, in a half-sleeping and half-waking dream.
   I am not the last boy in the school. I have risen, in a few months, over
several heads. But the first boy seems to me a mighty creature, dwelling
afar off, whose giddy height is unattainable. Agnes says "No," but I say
"Yes," and tell her that she little thinks what stores of knowledge have been
mastered by the wonderful Being, at whose place she thinks I, even I, weak
aspirant, may arrive in time. H e is not my private friend and public
patron, as Steerforth was, but I hold him in a reverentialrespect. I chiefly
wonder what he 1' 1 be, when he leaves Doctor Strong's, and what mankind
will do to maintain any place against him.
   But who is this that breaks upon me? This is Miss Shepherd,whom I love.
   Miss Shepherd is a boarder at the Misses Nettingalls' establishment.
I adore Miss Shepherd. She is a little girl, in a spencer, with a round face
and curly flaxen hair. The Misses Nettingalls' young ladies come to the
Cathedral too. I cannot look upon my book, for I must look upon
Miss Shepherd. When the choristers chaunt, I hear Miss Shepherd. I n
the service I mentally insert Miss Shepherd's name-I put her in
among the Royal Family. At home, in my own room, I am sometimes
moved to cry out, " Oh, Miss Shepherd ! " in a transport of love.
   For some time, I am doubtful of Miss Shepherd's feelings, but, at
length, Fate being propitious, we meet at the dancing-school. I have
Miss Shepherd for my partner. I touch Miss Shepherd's glove, and feel
a thrill go up the right arm of my jacket, and come out at my hair. I say
nothing tender to Miss Shepherd, but we understand each other. Miss
Shepherd and myself live but to be united.
   Why do I secretly give Miss Shepherd twelve Brazil nuts for a present,
I wonder? They are not expressive of affection, they are difficult to pack
into a parcel of any regular shape, they are hard to crack, even in room
doors, and they are oily when cracked ; yet I feel that they are appropriate to
Miss Shepherd. Soft, seedy biscuits, also, I bestow upon Miss Shepherd;
and oranges innumerable. Once, I kiss Miss Shepherd in the cloak room.
Ecstacy ! What are my agony and indignation next day, when I hear
a flying rumour that the Misses Nettingall have stood Miss Shepherd in
the stocks for turning in her toes !
   Miss Shepherd being the one pervading theme and vision of my life, how
