 352           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  arrival than a stranger might have supposed. I noticed how her eye lighted
  on me, when she thought my attention otherwise occupied; and what a
  curious process of hesitation appeared to be going on within her, while
  she preserved her outward stiffness and composure. I began to reflect
  whether I had done anything to offend her; and my conscience whispered
 me that I had not yet told her about Dora. Could it by any means be
 that, I wondered !
    As I knew she would only speak in her own good time, I sat down near
 her, and spoke to the birds, and played with the cat, and was as easy as I
 could be. But I was very far from being really easy; and I should still
 have been so, even if Mr. Dick, leaning over the great kite behind my
 aunt, had not taken every secret opportunity of shaking his head darkly at
 me, and pointing at her.
    " Trot," said my aunt at last, when she had finished her tea, and care-

fully smoothed down her dress, and wiped her lips-" you needn't go,
Barkis !-Trot, have you got to be firm, and self-reliant? "
    " I hope so, aunt."

    " What do you think? " inquired Miss Betsey.
    " I think so, aunt."

    " Then why, my love," said my aunt, looking earnestly at me, "why do
you think I prefer to sit upon this property of mine to-night ? "
    I shook my head, unable to guess.
    " Because," said my aunt, " it 's all I have. Because I ' m ruined, my
dear ! "
    If the house, and every one of us, had tumbled out into the river
together, I could hardly have received a greater shock.
    "Dick knows it," said my aunt, laying her hand calmly on my shoulder.
 "I am ruined, my dear Trot I All I have in the world is in this room,
except the cottage ;and that I have left Janet to let. Barkis, I want to get
a bed for this gentleman to-night. To save expense, perhaps you can make
up something here for myself. Anything will do. It's only for to-night.
We 1' 1 talk about this, more, to-morrow."
   I was roused from my amazement, and concern for her-I am sure, for
her-by      her falling on my neck, for a moment, and crying that she
only grieved for me. I n another moment, she suppressed this emotion ;
and said with an aspect more triumphant than dejected :
   " We must meet reverses boldly, and not suffer them to frighten us, my
dear. We must learn to act the play out. We must live misfortune
down, Trot ! "
