       THE BEST IS THE CHEAPEST.
    in view in connexion with their scale of READY MONEY LOWCHARGES
                                                                   Always keeping this
                                                                                                  ,
    (A BOOK G R A T I S ) The DOUDNEYS have raised their Business to
    greater extent and higher respectability than any other House can boast,
    as a proof of which, they point to their FIVE ROYAL APPOINTMENTS,
    and their Patronage Book of Royal, Illustrious, and Noble Names.                              ,
I      WATERPROOF IRISH POPLIN.
     ~isteredCloak constantly wort1 by the QUEEN, PRINCE ALBERT, the
                                                                     The
     Duchesses of Kent and Cambridge, Sutherland and Buccleugh. "Every Lady
                                                                            Royal Re-
     illould see these graceful garments." (Vide Morning Post, Sept. 26th). T h e
     )vercoat for Gentlemen or their New Cape admirably adapted for the
    RACES, to keep off wet a n d f ~ u s t . The ~ o r k r n a d s l i iis~ not to be equalled,
    and needs only to be seen to he approved-made exclusively a t the DOUDNEYS.

      THE OLYMPIC GIRTH, for Riding,                               Hunting, or general
     percise. Effectual PROTECTION AGAINST RUPTURE. T h e support
     ~mmencingat the bottom edge of the Belt, and producing uniform upward
     ressure ; enlarged or tightened six inches unobserved. They are attached to
     rawers with excellent effect. 10s. 6d,each,




        LIVERIES,              One of the Leading Articles of the D o u n a ~ r s
     ESTABLISHMENT,   for which they are so celebrated by Families of the First
     Distinction. FOOTM&N'S
                  - .            SUIT. £3 3s. Best Qualitv.
                                                        -    "

Y Wear
   The NEW PATTERNS for SPRING and SUMMER
          OLD PRICES,
             a t the                       SO famous in Seasons past, viz.-Summer
     Kaistcoats, 7s. each, or 3 for 20s.-Summer   Trousers, 10s. 6d. per pair, or 3 for
     10s.-Summer Coats, the beautiful light material, 10s. 6d., 21s., and 30s.

    Habit Makers by Special Appointment to Queen
1 Victoria and the Ladies of the Court. A SUPERFINE
  :LOTH HABIT for 4 Guineas.
      The DOUDNEYs have been long C E L E B R A T E D for YOUNG
     GENTLEMEN'S CLOTHING, tastefully made a t remark-
     %blyLow Prices.
       COUNTRY GENTLEMEN wishing to be Respectably Dressed a t Low
    Prices, should send for a Book of Detail, Self-measurement, and all the System
    of Business, or if 3 or 4 Gentlemen unite, a Traveller will wait upon them.

        TROWSER STRAPS                            superseded by the          DOUDNEY
     SPRING.     Nothing under the feet, easily attached, require no cleaning, and
     make the Trowsers fit better. 6d.per pair.
