            THE
            LAND,
                       I
                                            EDMISTON'S
                                                                                            -
      POCKET SlPHONlA DREADNOUGHT,
                                      WEIGHT ABOUT EIGHT OUNCES.
       NEWLY INVENTED WATERPROOF FABRIC, made as a Coat,
A      expressly tocarry in the Pocket, in lieu of an Umbrella, adapted for Fishing, Driving, or Shooting, will
be found by Sportsmen, Sailors, and Travellers, superior to any other kind of Waterproof material made up
for their use; they w ~ l resist
                          l      the heaviest rain, a r ~ dthe fiercest tropical heat; their lightness is such that
one exclaims, "Have I a coat on, or not 7" obviating the extreme heat engendered by all other waterproof
material.
    Price according to size j in India Cloth, 25s. to 366., and 42s. j and in Silk throughout, 50s. to 65s.
                  LEGGINGS, YACHT JACKETS, LADIES' CAPES AND HOODS, ETC.
      Country Gentlemen supplied by sending Height and Size round t h e Chest over t h e Coat.
                London : EDMISTON AND SON, 69, Strand, opposite the Adelphi Theatre.


 BALSAM COPAIBA and a11 other                            M e d i c i n e s o f a . nauseous c h a r a c t e r may
        now be taken without inconvenience, by meana of the P A T E N T FLEXIBLE C A P S U L E S . These Cap~ules
 will be found superior to those made with Gelatine. They remain entire until they have passed through, the
 stomach into the intestines : and the medicine being efficiently brought in contact with the organs It 1s
 intended to affect, the usual nausea and unpleasant eructations are avoided. EVANS& LESCHEU,London,
 Patentees; and all Medicine Vendors throughout the kingdom.
    *** The recent discovery that the low priced Gelatine Capsules contain a compound of train and other
 oils, and in many cases no Copaiba whatever, renders it important that the public should be made aware
 that the PATENT FLEXIBLE CAPSULES are guaranteed to containgenuine Copaibu only.




   The extraordinary success of this medicine is the wonder of the age : it has been tried by hundreds of
thousandsas an aperient, and has i n every instance done good ; it has neverin the slightest degreeimpaired
the most delicate constitution. Tens of thousands have testified that perseverance ih the use of P A R R ' S
L I F E P I L L S will completely cure any disease, and are living witnesses of the benefit received from this
invaluable medicine.
   None are Genuine, unless tlre words "PARR'S L I F E P I L L S " are in WHITE           LETTERSon a RED
GROUND,    on the Government Stamp, pasted round each box; also, the fac-simile of the Signature of the
Proprietors, '1 T. ROBERTS and Co., Crane Court, Fleet-street, London," on the D~rectious.
   Sold in boxes a t 1s. lid., 2s. 9d. and family packets at 11s. each, by all respectable Medicine Vendors
throughout the world. Full directions are given with each box.
                                                      ALSO,


      SPENCER'S                               P U L M O N I C ELIXIR.
  A C E R T A l N A N D S P E E D Y C U R E F O R COUGHS, COLDS, ASTHMAS, INFLUENZAS.
    For the nursery it is invaluable, as it is as agreeable to the palate as it is useful in all cases of honping-
 cough, chin-cough, or common coughs, arising from colds, teething, &c.
    To invalids whose ailments are increased in frosty and foggy weather, it is a never-failing source of
 comfort and ease from suffering; enabling them to breathe with freedom during the keenest frost and
 thickest fog. I n fine, it possesses every property which can be beneficial in cases of COUGHS, COLDS,
 ASTHMA, and all complaints of the C H E S T and LUNGS.
    Prepared only by T. ROBERTSand Co., Crane Court, Fleet-street. London ;and Sold Wholesale by
 Edwards, 67, St. Paul's Churchyard; Barclay and Sons, Farringdon-street; Sutton and Co., Bow
 Churchyard; Sanger and Co., Oxford-street, London ; Mottershead and Roberts, Manchester ; Raimes
 and Co., Edinburgh ; and Noble, Boston; and Retail by all respectable Medicine Vendors i n the
 Kingdom. I n Bottles, at Is. lad. and 3s. 9d. each.
                            "*, The Bottles at 2s. 9d. contain nearly three small.
