              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  "    I say ! Peggotty ! She can 't live by herself, you know."
  "    Oh bless you! " said Peggotty, looking at me again at last. "Don't
you know? She's going to stay for a fortnight with Mrs. Grayper.
Mrs. Grayper's going to have a lot of company."
    Oh ! If that was it, I was quite ready to go. I waited, in the utmost
impatience, until my mother came home from Mrs. Grayper's (for it was
that identical neighbour), to ascertain if we could get leave to carry out
this great idea. Without being nearly so much surprised as I had expected,
my mother entered into it readily; and it was all arranged that night, and
my board and lodging during the visit were to be paid for.
    The day soon came for our going. I t was such an early day that it
came soon, even to me, who was in a fever of expectation, and half afraid
that an earthquake or a fiery mountain, or some other great convulsioil of
nature, might interpose to stop the expedition. We were to go in a
carrier's cart, which departed in the morning after breakfast. I would
have given any money to have been allowed to wrap myself up over-night,
and sleep in my hat and boots.
    I t touches me nearly now, although I tell it lightly, to recollect how
eager I was to leave my happy home ; to think how little I suspected what
I did leave for ever.
    I am glad to recollect that when the carrier's cart was at the gate, and
my mother stood there kissing me, a grateful fondness for her and for the
old place I had never turned my back upon before, made me cry. I am
 glad to know that my mother cried too, and that I felt her heart beat
against mine.
    I am glad to recollect that when the carrier began to move, my mother
ran out at the gate, and called to him to stop, that she might kiss me
once more. I am glad to dwell upon the earnestness and love with which
 she lifted up her face to mine, and did so.
    As we left her standing in the road, Mr. Murdstone came up to where
 she was, and seemed to expostulate with her for being so moved. I was
looking back round the awning of the cart, and wondered what business it
 was of his. Peggotty, who was also looking back on the other side,
 seemed anything but satisfied ; as the face she brought back into the cart
 denoted.
     I sat looking at Peggotty for some time, in a reverie on this supposi-
 titious case : whether, if she were employed to lose me like the boy in
 the fairy tale, I should be able to track my way home again by the buttons
 she would shed.
