560           THX PERSOKAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 on them, and on all poor sailors, said he, if we had another night like
 the last !
    I was very much depressed in spirits; very solitary; and felt an
 uneasiness in Ham's not being there, disproportionate to the occasion.
 I was seriously affected, without knowing how much, by late events;
 and my long exposure to the fierce wind had confused me. There was
 that jumble in my thoughts and recollections, that I had lost the clear
 arrangement of time and distance. Thus, if I had gone out into the town,
 I should not have been surprised, I think, to encounter some one who I
 knew must be then in London. So to speak, there was in these respects
 a curious inattention in my mind. Yet it was busy, too, with all the
remembrances the place naturally awakened; and they were particularly
 distinct and vivid.
    I n this state, the waiter's dismal intelligence about the ships imme-
diately connected itself, without any cffort of my volition, with my uneasi-
ness about Ham. I was persuaded that I had an apprehension of his
returning from Lowestoft by sea, and being lost. This grew so strong
with me, that I resolved to go back to the yard before I took my dinner,
arid ask the boat-builder if he thought his attempting to return by sea at
all likely? If he gave me the least reason to think so, I would go over
to Lowestoft and prevent it by bringing him with me.
    I hastily ordered my dinner, and went back to the yard. I was none
too soon ; for the boat-builder, with a lantern in his hand, was locking the
yard-gate. H e quite laughed, when I asked him the question, and said
 there was no fear; no man in his senses, or out of them, would put OK
 in such a gale of wind, least of all Ham Peggotty, who had been born to
 seafaring.
    So sensible of this, beforehand, that I had really felt ashamed of doing
 what I was nevertheless impelled to do, I went back to the inn. If
 such a wind could rise, I think it was rising. The howl and roar, the
rattling of the doors and windows, the rumbling in the chimneys, the
apparent rocking of the very house that sheltered me, and the prodigious
tumult of the sea, were more fearful than in the morning. But there
was now a aereat darkness besides : and that invested the storm with new
terrors, real and fanciful.
   I could not eat, I could not sit still, I could not continue stedfast to
anything. Something within me, faintly answering to the storm without,
tossed up the depths of my memory, and made a tumult in them. Yet,
in all the hurry of my thoughts, wild running with the thundering sea,
-the storm, and my uneasiness regarding Ham, were always in the
fore-ground.
   My dinner went away almost untasted, and I tried to refresh myself with
a glass or two of wine. I n vain. I fell into a dull slumber before the fire,
without losing my consciousness, either of the uproar out of doors, or of
the place in which I was. Both became overshadowed by a new and
indefinable horror; and when I awoke-or rather when I shook off the
lethargy that bound me in my chair-my whole frame thrilled with
objectless and unintelligible fear.
   I walked to and fro, tried to read an old gazetteer, listened to the
 awful noises : looked at faces, scenes, and figures in the fire. At length,
