424            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " To you, sister Lavinia," Miss Clarissa interposed.
    "Be it so, Clarissa ! " assented Miss Lavinia resignedly-" to me-and
receiving our concurrence. We must make this a most express and serious
 stipulation, not to be broken on any account. We wished Mr. Copperfield
 to be accompanied by some confidential friend to-day," with an inclination
of her head towards Traddles, who bowed, "in order that there might
be no doubt or misconception on this subject. If Mr. Copperfield, or if
you, Mr. Traddles, feel the least scruple, in giving this promise, I beg you
to take time to consider it."
    I exclaimed, in a state of high ecstatic fervor, that not a moment's
consideration could be necessary. I bound myself by the required promise,
in a most impassioned manner ; called upon Traddles to witness it ; and
denounced myself as the most atrocious of cllaracters if I ever swerved
from it in the least degree.
    " Stay ! " said Miss Lavinia, l~oldingup her hand ; " we resolved, before
we had the pleasure of receiving you two gentlemen, to leave you alone for
a quarter of an hour, to consider this point. You will allow us to retire."
    It was in vain for me to say that no consideration was necessary. They
persisted in withdrawing for the specified .time. Accordingly, these little
birds hopped out with great dignity; leaving me to receive the congra-
tulations of Traddles, and to feel as if I were translated to regions of
exquisite happiness. Exactly at the expiration of the quarter of an hour,
they reappeared with no less dignity than they had disappeared. They
had gone rustling away as if their little dresses were made of autumn-
leaves : and they came rustling back, in like manner.
    I then bound myself once more to the prescribed conditions.
    " Sister Clarissa," said Miss Lavinia, "the rest is with you."
    Miss Clarissa, unfolding her arms for the first time, took the notes and
glanced at them.
    " We shall be happy," said Miss Clarissa, "to see Mr. Copperfield to
dinner, every Sunday, if it should suit his convenience. Our hour is three."
    1bowed.
    " I n the course of the week," said Miss Clarissa, "we shall be happy

to see Mr. Copperfield to tea. Our hour is half-past six."
    I bowed again.
    "Twice in the week," said Miss Clarissa, "but, as a rule, not oftener."
    I bowed again.
    " Miss Trotwood," said Miss Clarissa, "mentioned in Mr. Copperficld's

letter, will perhaps call upon us. When visiting is better for the happiness
of all parties, we are glad to receive visits, and return them. When it is
better for the l~appinessof all parties that no visiting should take place, (as
in the case of our brother Francis, and his establishment) that is quite
different."
    I intimated that my aunt would be proud and delighted to make their
acquaintance ; though I must say I was not quite sure of their getting on
very satisfactorily together. Tlie conditions being now closed, 1 ex-
pressed my acknowledgments in the warmest manner; and, taking the
hand, first of Miss Clarissa, and then of Miss Lavinia, pressed it, in each
case, to my lips.
    Miss Lavinia then arose, and begging Mr. Traddles to excuse us for a
