                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

    "Because you and I are very different people," I returned.
   "  Stuff and nonsense, Trot ! " replied my aunt.
    My aunt went on with a quiet enjoyment, in which there was very little
affectation, if any ; drinking the warm ale with a teaspoon, and soaking her
strips of toast in it.
    " Trot," said she, " I don't care for strange faces in general, but I rather
like that Barkis of yours, do you know ! "
    " I t 's better than a hundred pounds to hear you say so ! " said I.
    " It's a most extraordinary world," observed my aunt, rubbing her nose ;

 " how that woman ever got into it with that name, is unaccountable to
 me. I t would be much more easy to be born a Jackson, or something
 of that sort, one would think."
    " Perhaps she thinks so, too ; it 's not her fault," said I.
    " I suppose not," returned my aunt, rather grudging the admission;
 " but it's very aggravating. However, she 's Barkis sow. That 's some
 comfort. Barkis is uncommonly fond of you, Trot."
    " There is nothing she would leave undone to prove it," said I.
    " Nothing, I believe," returned my aunt.       " Here, the poor fool has
 been begging and praying about handing over some of her money-because
she has got too much of it ! A simpleton ! "
    My aunt's tears of pleasure were positively trickling down into the
warm ale.
    " She's the most ridiculous creature that ever was born," said my
aunt. "I knew, from the first moment when I saw her with that poor
dear blessed baby of a mother of yours, that she was the most ridiculous
of mortals. But there are good points in Barkis ! "
   Affecting to laugh, she got an opportunity of putting her band to her
eyes. Having availed herself of it, she resumed her toast and her discourse
together.
    " Ah!     Mercy upon us!" sighed my aunt. " I know all about it,
Trot! Barkis and myself had quite a gossip while you were out with
Dick. I know all about it. I don't know where these wretched girls
expect to go to, for my part. I wonder they don't knock out their brains
against-against mantelpieces," said my aunt; an idea which was
 probably suggested to her by her contemplation of mine.
    " Poor Emily ! " said I.
    " Oh, don't talk to me about poor," returned my aunt. " She should
have thought of that, before she caused so much misery ! Give me a kiss,
 Trot. I am sorry for your early experience."
    As I bent forward, she put her tumbler on my knee to detain me,
 and said :
    " Oh, Trot, Trot! And so you fancy yourself in love! Do you? "
    " Fancy, aunt!" I exclaimed, as red as I could be.          " I adore her
 with my whole soul ! "
    " Dora, indeed! " returned my aunt.         " And you mean to say the
little thing is very fascinating, I suppose? "
    " My dear aunt," I replied, "no one can form the least idea what
she is ! "
    " Ah ! And not silly ? " said my aunt.
    " Silly, aunt ! "
