138            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   " Mr. Dick," said my aunt, " don't be a fool, because nobody can be
more discreet than you can, when you choose. We all know that. So
don't be a fool, whatever you are."
   The gentleman was serious immediately, and looked at me, I thought,
as if he would entreat me to say nothing about the window.
   " Mr. Dick," said my aunt, " you have heard me mention David Copper-

field? Now don't pretend not to have a memory, because you and I
know better."
   "David Copperfield?" said Mr. Dick, who did not appear to me to
remember much about it. "David Copperfield? Oh yes, to be sure.
David, certainly."
   "Well," said my aunt, "this is his boy-his son. He would be as
like his father as it's possible to be, if he was not so like his mother, too."
   " His son ? " said Mr. Dick.      " David's son ? Indeed ! "
   " Yes," pursued my aunt, " and he has done a pretty piece of business.

He has run away. Ah ! His sister, Betsey Trotwood, never would have
run away." My aunt shook her head firmly, confident in the character
and behaviour of the girl who never was born.
   " Oh ! you think she wouldn't have run away? " said Mr. Dick.
   "Bless and save the man," exclaimed my aunt, sharply, "how he
talks! Don't I know she wouldn't? She would have lived with her
god-mother, and we should have been devoted to one another. Where,
in the name of wonder, should his sister, Betsey Trotwood, have run from,
or t o ? "
   "Nowhere," said Mr. Dick.
   " Well then," returned my aunt, softened by the reply, "how can you

pretend to be wool-gathering, Dick, when you are as sharp as a surgeon's
lancet? Now, here you see young David Copperfield, and the question I
put to you is, what shall I do with him ? "
   " What shall you do with him ? " said Mr. Dick, feebly, scratching his
head. " Oh ! do with him ? "
   "Yes," said my aunt, with a grave look and her forefinger held up.
" Come ! I want some very sound advice.''

   " Why, if I was you," said Mr. Dick, considering, and lookingvacantly
at me, "1 should-"        The contemplation of me seemed to inspire him
with a sudden idea, and he added, briskly, "I should wash him !"
   " Janet," said my aunt, turning round with a quiet triumph, which I
did not then understand, " Mr. Dick sets us all right. Heat the bath ! "
   Although I was deeply interested in this dialogue, I could not help
observing my aunt, Mr. Dick, and Janet, while it was in progress, and
completing a survey I had already been engaged in making of the room.
   My aunt was a tall, hard-featured lady, but by no means ill-looking.
There was an inflexibility in her face, in her voice, in her gait and car-
riage, amply sufficient to account for the effect she had made upon a
gentle creature like my mother; but her features were rather handsome
than otherwise, though unbending and austere. I particularly noticed
that she had a very quick, bright eye. Her hair, which was grey, was
arranged in two plain divisions, under what I believe would be called a
mob-cap : I mean a cap, much more common then than now, with side-
pieces fastening under the chin. Her dress was of a lavender color, and
