                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            381
    If I had not guessed this, on the way to the coffee-house, I could hardly
 have failed to know what was the matter when I followed him into an
 up-stairs room, and found Miss Murdstone there, supported by a back-
 ground of sideboard, on which were several inverted tumblers sustaining
 lemons, and two of those extraordinary boxes, all corners and flutings, for
 sticking knives and forks in, which, happily for mankind, are now obsolete.
    Miss Murdstone gave me her chilly finger-nails, and sat severely rigid.
 Mr. Spenlow shut the door, motioned me to a chair, and stood on the
hearth-rug in front of the fireplace.
     "Have the goodness to show Mr. Copperfield," said Mr. Spenlow,
 "what you have in your reticule, Miss Murdstone."
    I believe it was the old identical steel-clasped reticule of my childhood,
that shut up like a bite. Compressing her lips, in sympathy with the
snap, Miss Murdstone opened it-opening her mouth a little at the same
time-and produced my last letter to Dora, teeming with expressions of
devoted affection.
    "I believe that is your writing, Mr. Copperfield?" said Mr. Spenlow.
    I was very hot, and the voice I heard was very unlike mine, when I
 said, " I t is sir ! "
     " If I am not mistaken," said Mr. Spenlow, as Miss Murdstone brought
a parcel of Ietters out of her reticule, tied round with the dearest bit of
blue ribbon, " those are also from your pen, Mr. Copperfield? "
    I took them from her with a most desolate sensation ; and, glancing at
such phrases at the top, as "My ever dearest and own Dora," " My best
beloved angel," " My blessed one for ever," and the like, blushed deeply,
and inclined my head.
    " No, thank you ! " said Mr. Spenlow coldly, as I mechanically offered
them back to him. " I will not deprive you of them. Miss Murdstone,
be so good as to proceed ! "
    That gentle creature, after a moment's thoughtful survey of the
carpet, delivered herself with much dry unction as follows.
    " I must confess to having entertained my suspicions of Miss Spenlow,

in reference to David Copperfield, for some time. I observed Miss
Spenlow and David Copperfield, when they first met ; and the impression
made upon me then was not agreeable. The depravity of the human
heart is such-"
    " You will oblige me, ma'am," interrupted Mr. Spenlow, " by confining
yourself to facts."
    Miss Murdstone cast down her eyes, shook her head as if protesting
against this unseemly interruption, and with frowning dignity resumed :
    c c Since I am to confine myself to facts, I will state them as dryly as
I can. Perhaps that will be considered an acceptable course of pro-
ceeding. I have already said, sir, that I have had my suspicions of Miss
Spenlow, in reference to David Copperfield, for some time. I have
frequently endeavoured to find decisive coroboration of those suspicions,
but without effect. I have therefore forborne to mention them to Miss
Spenlow's father;" looking severely at him; " knowing how little
d~spositionthere usually is in such cases, to acknowledge the conscientious
discharge of duty."
   Mr. Spenlow seemed quite cowed by the gentlemanly sternness of Miss
                                                            c c 2
