206           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

the lions for an hour or two-it 's something to have a fresh fellow like
you to show them to, Copperfield-and then we 1' 1 journey out to High-
gate by the coach."
   I could hardly believe but that I was in a dream, and that I should
wake presently in number forty-four, to the solitary box in the coffee-
room and the familiar waiter again. After I had written to my aunt
and told her of my fortunate meeting with my admired old school-
fellow, and my acceptance of his invitation, we went out in a hackney-
chariot, and saw a Panorama and some other sights, and took a walk
through the Museum, where I could not help observing how much Steer-
forth knew, on an infinite variety of subjects, and of how little account he
seemed to make his knowledge.
   "You'll take a high degree at college, Steerforth," said I, ('if you
have not done so already; and they will have good reason to be proud of
you."
   "I take a degree ! " cried Steerforth.    "Not I ! my dear Daisy-will
you mind my calling you Daisy? "
   " Not at all ! " said I.
   "That's a good fellow ! My dear Daisy," said Steerforth, laughing, "I
have not the least desire or intention to distinguish myself in that way. I
have done quite sufficient for my purpose. I find that I am heavy company
enough for myself, as I am."
    " But the fame-"        I was beginning.
    " You romantic Daisy !" said Steerforth, laughing still more heartily;
" why should I trouble myself, that a parcel of heavy-headed fellows may

gape and hold up their hands? Let them do it at some other man.
There's fame for him, and he's welcome to it."
    I was abashed at having made so great a mistake, and was glad to
 change the subject. Fortunately it was not difficult to do, for Steerforth
 could always pass from one subject to another with a carelessness and
lightness that were his own.
    Lunch succeeded to our sight-seeing, and the short winter day wore
away so fast, that it was dusk when the stage-coach stopped with us at an
old brick house at Highgate on the summit of the hill. An elderly lady,
though not very far advanced in years, with a proud carriage and a hand-
some face, was in the doorway as we alighted; and greeting Steerforth as
"My dearest James," folded him in her arms. To this lady he presented
me as his mother, and she gave me a stately welcome.
   I t was a genteel old-fashioned house, very quiet and orderly. From the
windows of my room I saw all London lying in the distance like a great
vapour, with here and there some lights twinkling through it. I had only
time, in dressing, to glance at the solid furniture, the framed pieces of
work (done, I supposed, by Steerforth's mother when she was a girl), and
some pictures in crayons of ladies with powdered hair and boddices,
coming and going on the walls, as the newly-kindled fire crackled and
sputtered, when I was called to dinner.
   There was a second lady in the dining-room, of a slight short figure,
dark, and not agreeable to look at, but with some appearance of good
looks too, who attracted my attention : perhaps because I had not expected
to see her ;perhaps because I found myself sitting opposite to her; perhaps
