414           THE PERSONAL HISTORY          AND EXPERIEKCE

me sitting at their doors, when night was coming on, a'most as if they'd
been my Darling's children. Oh, my Darling! "
   Overpowered by sudden grief, he sobbed aloud. I laid my trembling
hand upon the hand he put before his face. " Thankee, sir," he said,
" don't take no notice."
   I n a very little while he took his hand away and put it in his breast,
and went on with his story.
   " They often walked with me," he said, " in the morning, maybe a
mile or two upon my road ; and when we parted, and I said, ' I'm very
thankful to you! God bless you ! ' they always seemed to understand,
and answered pleasant. At last I come to the sea. I t warn't hard, you
may suppose, for a seafaring man like me to work his way over to Italy.
When I got theer, I wandered on as I had done afore. The people was
just as good to me, and I should have gone from town to town, maybe
the country through, but that I got news of her being seen among them
Swiss mountains yonder. One as know'd his servant see 'em there, all
three, and told me how they travelled, and where they was. I made for
them mountains, Mas'r Davy, day and night. Ever so fur as I went, ever
so fur the mountains seemed to shift away from me. But I come up with
'em, and I crossed 'em. When I got nigh the place as I had been told of, I
began to think within my own self, 'What shall I do when I see her ? ' "
   The listening face, insensible to the inclement night, still drooped at the
door, and the hands begged me-prayed me-not to cast it forth.
   " I never doubted her," said Mr. Peggotty.         " No ! not a bit ! On'y
let her see my face-on'y       let her heer my voice-on'y let my stanning
still afore her bring to her thoughts the home she had fled away from,
and the child she had been-and if she had growed to be a royal lady, she'd
have fell down at my feet ! I Itnow'd it well ! Many a time in my sleep had
I heerd her cry out, ' Uncle ! ' and seen her fall like death afore me. Many
a time in my sleep had I raised her up, and whispered to her,' Em'ly my
dear, I am come fur to bring forgiveness, and to take you home ! ' "
   He stopped and shook his head, and went on with a sigh.
    "He was nowt to me now. Em'ly was all. I bought a country dress to
put upon her ; and I know'd that, once found, she would walk beside me over
them stony roads, go where I would, and never, never, leave me more. To
put that dress upon her, and to cast off what she wore-to take her on
my arm again, and wander towards home-to stop sometimes upon the
road, and heal her bruised feet and her worse-bruised heart-was all
that I thowt of now. I doen't believe I should have done so much as
look at him. But, Mas'r Davy, it warn't to be-not yet! I was too
late, and they was gone. Wheer, I couldn't learn. Some said heer, some
said theer. I travelled heer, and I travelled theer, but I found no Em'ly,
and I travelled home."
   " How long ago ? " I asked.
   " A matter o' fower days," said Mr. Peggotty. " I sighted the old boat
arter dark, and the light a shining in the winder. When I come nigh and
looked in through the glass, I see the faithful creetur Missis Gummidge
sittin' by the fire, as we had fixed upon, alone. I called out, 'Doen't be
 afeerd! I t ' s Dan'l! ' and I went in. I never could have thowt the
 old boat would have been so strange ! "
    From some pocket in his breast, he took out, with a very careful hand,
