2                      HOUSEHOLD WORDS.



        CONTENTS O F PART 11.-PRICE                          9d.
                         (Published 1st June.)



           NO. VI.                               NO. VIII.
The Heart of Mid-London.             The Begging-Letter Writer.
The Miner's Daughters.-A Tale        The Great Cat and Dog Question.
    of the Peak.   -  I n Three      A Card from Mr. Booley.
    Chapters.-Chap. I.               Law at a Low Price.
New Life and Old Learning.
The Railway Station.
                                     Swedish Folk-Songs.
                                         Carin.
                                                                   -
                                                                Fair
The Brown Hat.                       A Visit to the Arctic Discovery
Alchemy and Gunpowder.                    Ships.
 A Good Plain Cook."                 The Miner's Daughters.-A Tale
Two-Handed Dick the Stockman.            of the Peak. - I n    Three
    - An Adventure in the                Chapters.-Chap. 111.
    Bush.                            Letter from a Highly Resped-
                                         able Old Lady.
            NO. VII.                 A Sample of the Old School.
The F i e Brigade of London.
Poetry in the Bye-Ways.                           NO. iX.
The Miner's Daughters.-A Tale         The Sickness and Health of the
     of the Peak. - I n Three              People of B1eaburn.- In
     Chapters.-Chap. 11.                   Three Parts.-Chapter I.
The Uses of Sorrow.                   Spring-Time in the Court.
From the Raven in the Happy           The Planet-Watchers of Green-
     Family.                               wich.
Illustrations of Cheapness.-          Swedish Folk-Songs.-The Dove
     Eggs.                                 on the Lily.
Music in Humble Life.                 A Walk in a Workhouse.
A Paris Newspaper.                    The '' Irish Difficulty " solved
Lines by Robert Southey.                   by Con Mc Nale.
Short Cuts Across the Globe.          William Wordsworth.
Curious Epitaph.                      Father and Son.



    OFFICE, 16, WELLINGTON STREET NORTH, STRAND ;
               AND ALL BOOKSELLERS AND NEWSMEN.
