                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            543
and folding me in both her arms. She laughs, and sobs, and then is quiet,
and quite happy.
    " Quite! " she says.    " Only give Agnes my dear love, and tell her
that I want very, very, much to see her ; and I have nothing left to wish for."
    " Except to get well again, Dora."

    "Ah, Doady ! Sometimes I think-you know I always was a silly
little thing !-that that will never be ! "
    " Don't say so, Dora ! Dearest love, don't think so ! "
    " I won't, if I can help it, Doady.   But I am very happy ; though my
dear boy is so lonely by himself, before his child-wife's empty chair ! "

   I t is night; and I am with her still. Agnes has arrived; has been
among us, for a whole day and an evening. She, my aunt, and I, have
sat with Dora since the morning, all together. We have not talked much,
but Dora has been perfectly contented and cheerful. We are now alone.
   Do I know, now, that my child-wife will soon leave me? They have
told me so ; they have told me nothing new to my thoughts ; but I am
far from sure that I have taken that truth to heart. I cannot master it.
I have withdrawn by myself, many times to-day, to weep. I have re-
membered Who wept for a parting between the living and the dead. I
have bethought me of all that gracious and compassionate history. I
have tried to resign myself, and to console myself; and that, I hope, I may
have done imperfectly; but what I cannot firmly settle in my mind is,
that the end will absolutely come. I hold her hand in mine, I hold her
heart in mine, I see her love for me, alive in all its strength. I cannot
shut out a pale lingering shadow of belief that she will be spared.
   " I am going to speak to you, Doady.     I am going to say something
I have often thought of saying, lately. You won't mind ? " with a gentle
look.
   " Mind, my darling? "
   "Because I don't know what you will think, or what you may have
thought sometimes. Perhaps you have often thought the same. Doady,
 dear, I am afraid I was too young."
    I lay my face upon the pillow by her, and she looks into my eyes, and
 speaks very softly. Gradually, as she goes on, I feel, with a stricken heart,
that she is speaking of herself as past.
    " I am afraid, dear, I was too young. I don't mean in years only, but
in experience, and thoughts, and everything. I was such a silly little
 creature ! I am afraid it would have been better, if we had only loved
 each other as a boy and girl, and forgotten it. I have begun to think I
 was not fit to be a wife."
    I try to stay my tears, and to reply, " Oh, Dora, love, as fit as I to be
a husband ! "
    " I don't know," with the old shake of her curls. " Perhaps ! But, if
I had been more fit to be married, I might have made you more so, too.
Besides, you are very clever, and I never was."
    " W e have been very happy, my sweet Dora."
    " I was very happy, very. But, as years went on, my dear boy would
have wearied of his child-wife. She would have been less and less a com-
panion for him. He would have been more and more sensible of what was
wanting in his home. She wouldn't have improved. I t is better as it is."
