                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          307
drawing-room door, " and nobody but my mother has heard her do that,
I believe, these three years." He said it with a curious smile, which was
gone directly ; and we went into the room and found her alone.
   "Don't get up ! " said Steerforth (which she had already done) ; "my
dear Rosa, don't ! Be kind for once, and sing us an Irish song."
   "What do you care for an Irish song? " she returned.
   " Much ! " said Steerforth.    " Much more than for any oiher.     Here is
Daisy, too, loves music from his soul. Sing us an Irish song, Rosa ! and
let me sit and listen as I used to do."
   H e did not touch her, or the chair from which she had risen, but sat
himselfnear the harp. She stood beside it for some little while, in a curious
way, going through the motion of playing it with her right hand, but not
sounding it. At length she sat down, and drew it to her with one sudden
action, and played and sang.
   I don't know what it was, in her touch or voice, that made that song
the most unearthly I have ever heard in my life, or can imagine.
There was something fearful in the reality of it. I t was as if it had
never been written, or set to music, but sprung out of the passion
within her; which found imperfect utterance in the low sounds of her
voice, and crouched again when all was st~ll. I was dumb when she
leaned beside the harp again, playing it, but not sounding it, with her
right hand.
   A minute more, and this had roused me from my trance :-Steerforth
had left his seat, and gone to her, and had put his arm laughingly
about her, and had said, " Come, Rosa, for the future we will love each
other very much ! " And she had struck him, and had thrown him off with
the fury of a wild cat, and had burst out of the room.
   " What is the matter with Rosa ? " said Mrs. Steerforth, coming in.

   "She has been an angel, mother," returned Steerforth, " for a little
while; and has run into the opposite extreme, since, by way of com-
pensation."
   " You should be careful not to irritate her, James. Her temper has
been soured, remember, and ought not to be tried."
   Rosa did not come back; and no other mention was made of her, until
I went with Steerforth into his room to say Good night. Then he
laughed about her, and asked me if I had ever seen such a fierce little
piece of incomprehensibility.
   I expressed as much of my astonishment as was then capable of
expression, and asked if he could guess what it was that she had taken
so much amiss, so suddenly.
   " Oh, Heaven knows,"       said Steerforth. " Any thing you like-or
nothing ! I told you she took every thing, herself included, to a grind-
stone, and sharpened it. She is an edge-tool, and requires great care
in dealing with. She is always dangerous. Good night ! "
   " Good night ! " said I, " my dear Steerforth !  I shall be gone before
you wake in the morning. Good night ! "
   He was unwilling to let me go ; and stood, holding me out, with a hand
on each of my shoulders, as he had done in my own room.
   " Daisy,"   he said, with a smile-" for though that's not the
                                                              x2
