30            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " I an't what I could wish myself to be," said Mrs. Gummidge. " I
am far from it. I know what I am. My troubles has made me contrairy.
I feel my troubles, and they make me contrairy. I wish I did'nt feel 'em,
but I do. I wish I could be hardened to 'em, but I an't. I make the
house uncomfortable. I don't wonder at it. I've made your sister so
 all day, and Master Davy."
    Here I was suddenly melted, and roared out "No, you have'nt, Mrs
Gummidge," in great mental distress.
    " It's far from right that I should do it," said Mrs. Gummidge. " I t
an't a fit return. I had better go into the house and die. I am a lone
lorn creetur, and had much better not make myself contrairy here. If
thinks must go contrairy with me, and I must go contrairy myself, let me
go contrairy in my parish. Dan'l, I'd better go into the house, and.
die and be a riddance !"
    Mrs. Gummidge retired with these words, and betook herself to bed.
When she was gone, Mr. Peggotty, who had not exhibited a trace of any
feeling but the profoundest sympathy, looked round upon us, and nodding
his head with a lively expression of that sentiment still animating his face,
said in a whisper :
    " She's been thinking of the old'un !"
    I did not quite understand what old one Mrs. Gummidge was
supposed to have fixed her mind upon, until Peggotty, on seeing me
to bed, explained that it was the late Mr. Gummidge; and that
her brother always took that for a received truth on such occasions,
and that it always had a moving effect upon him. Some time after he
was in his hammock that night, I heard him myself repeat to Ham,
"Poor thing! She's been thinking of the old 'un!" And whenever
Mrs. Gummidge was overcome in a similar manner during the remainder
of our stay (which happened some few times), he always said the same
thing in extenuation of the circumstance, and always with the tenderest
commiseration.
    So the fortnight slipped away, varied by nothing but the variation of
the tide, which altered Mr. Peggotty's times of going out and coming in,
and altered Ham's engagements also. When the latter was unemployed,
he sometimes walked with us to show us the boats and ships, and once or
twice he took us for a row. I don't know why one slight set of impres-
sions should be more particularly associated with a place than another,
though I believe this obtains with most people, in reference especially to
the associations of their childhood. I never hear the name, or read the
name, of Yarmouth, but I am reminded of a certain Sunday morning on
the beach, the bells ringing for church, little Em'ly leaning on my shoulder,
Ham lazily dropping stones into the water, and the sun, away at sea,
just breaking through the heavy mist, and showing us the ships, like
their own shadows.
    At last the day came for going home. I bore up against the separation
from Mr. Peggotty and Mrs. Gummidge, but my agony of mind at leaving
little Em'ly was piercing. We went arm-in-arm to the public-house
where the carrier put up, and I promised, on the road, to write to her.
(I redeemed that promise afterwards, in characters larger than those in
