18                                        ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                                                                                    ---

 Published Weekly, price Threepence, or Stamped
              for Post, Fourpence,

                         PUNCH;
                              OR, THE LONDON CHARIVARI.
Illnstrated with One Large Engraving, and from Twelve to Twenty Smaller Ones
         A PART IS PUBLISHED EVERY MONTH, AND A VOLUME EVERY SIX MONTHS.

  f
  @
  P       Fifteen Volumes are already Published, and always kept on #ale, as well
                          as all Back Numbers and Parts.
  3,s For the convenience of persons wishing to possess complete sets of this popular work, AN
EDITION I S PUBLISHED O F THE FIRST FOURTEEN VOLUMES, HANDSOMELY
BOUND I N SEVEN, W I T H GILT EDGES, PRICE 52. 6s. ; and parties possessing copies of
this Edition may purchase the Seventh Volume (comprising volumes 13 and 14) uniformly bound
price 16s. These may be procured through any bookseller.


In urn Il,lwtrated Cover, contailzilzg the Tmelve Prints, price 10s. 6d., or 1s. separately. Poming a
                    halzdvome a d amusing Volumefw the Drawing Room Table.

          THE RISING GENERATION.
                                       BY JOHN LEECH.
         A SERIES OF DRAWINGS ON STONE, BEAUTIFULLY COLOURED.
                                                     Iris pictures are bits of life." -illorning
  L'John Leech is the English Gavarni; and if others
surpass him in fancy, no one approaches him in genteel   I %",:$dei.

                    WORKS              BY DOUGLAS JERROLD.

                            Now complete i13    One Volume, post 8v0, price          Is.,

        A MAN MADE OF MONEY.
                         With Twelve Illustrations by John Leech.
  "This, Mr. Jerrold's last work, is without comparison, his greatest. I t displays a rare combination of fancy
philosophy, and kindliness, which willcause it to he kept warm in the memory of the public when many a productiod
now a t the summit of popularity shall he swept into the gulf of oblivion.                         Sunday Times.
  " There are some truths that cannot be told too plainly repeated with too much vehemence, or reproduced in too
many forms. The truth set forth in this hook is one of th'ese."                                        Ezan~iner

MRS. CAUDLE'S CURTAIN LEC- DOUGLAS JERROLD'S SHILLING
      TURES, AS SUFFERED BY THE LATE J O B                             MAGAZINE.         Complete m seven
      CAUDLE. Illustrated by JOHN  LEECH.                              volumes, bound in cloth, price 21. 9s.
      Price 29. 6d.                                                    *,* Any volume or number may be had
PUNCH'S            COMPLETE              LETTER-                       separately.
      WRITER.  With Fifty Illustrations by
                                                               TIME WORKS WONDERS. A Comedy
      KENNYMEADOWS. Price 2s. 6d.
         ~ ' ~ TO. HIS SOB,
p u ~ c LETTERS
      With Twenty-four Illustrations bv
                                                  /
                                              KENNY
                                                                       in Five Acts, as performed at the ~ h e a t i e
                                                                       Royal, Haymarket. Fifth Edition. Is.
      MEADOWS.Price 5s.                                        BUBBLES OF THE DAY. A Comedy
THE STORY OF A FEATHER.                                                in Five Acts, as performed at the Theatre
      Illustrated by JOHN
                        LEECH. Price 5s.                               Royal, Covent Garden. Is.

                                    PUNCH OFFICE,        85, FLEET STREET.
