                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

    Without presuming to give my opinion on this question, I delivered
 my message.
    " Well," said Mr. Dick, in answer, " my compliments to her, and I-
 I believe I have made a start. I think I have made a start," said Mr.
 Dick, passing his hand among his grey hair, and casting anything but a
 confident look at his manuscript. "You have been to school? "
    "Yes, sir," I answered ; " for a short time."
    "Do you recollect the date," said Mr. Dick, looking earnestly at me,
 and taking up his pen to note it down, "when King Charles the First had
 his head cut off? "
    I said I believed it happened in the year sixteen hundred and forty-nine.
    "Well," returned Mr. Dick, scratching his ear with his pen, and looking
 dubiously at me. " So the books say ; but I don't see how that can be.
Because, if it was so long ago, how could the people about him have made
that mistake of putting some of the trouble out of his head, after it was
 taken off, into mine ? "
    I was very much surprised by the inquiry; but could give no informa-
tion on this point.
    "It's very strange," said Mr. Dick, with a despondent look upon his
papers, and with his hand among his hair again, " that I never can get that
quite right. I never can make that perfectly clear. But no matter, no
matter ! " he said cheerfully, and rousing himself, " there 's time enough !
My compliments to Miss Trotwood, I am getting on very well indeed."
    I was going away, when he directed my attention to the kite.
    " What do you think of that for a kite ? " he said.
    I answered that it was a beautiful one. I should think it must have
been as much as seven feet high.
    " I made it. We'll go and fly it, you and I," said Mr. Dick. " Do
you see this ? "
    He showed me that it was covered with manuscript, very closely and
laboriously written ; but so plainly, that as I looked along the lines, I
thought I saw some allusion to King Charles the First's head again, in
one or two places.
    " There's plenty of string," said Mr. Dick, " and when it flies high,
i t takes the facts a long way. That's my manner of diffusing 'em.
I don't know where they may come down. It's according to circum-
stances, and the wind, and so forth; but I take my chance of that."
    His face was so very mild and pleasant, and had something so reverend
in it, though it was hale and hearty, that I was not sure but that he was
having a good-humoured jest with me. So I laughed, and he laughed,
and we parted the best friends possible.
    "Well, child," said my aunt, when I went down stairs. "And what of
Mr. Dick, this morning ? "
    I informed her that he sent his compliments, and was getting on very
well indeed.
    "What do you think of him ? " said my aunt.
    I had some shadowy idea of endeavouring to evade the question, by
replying that I thought him a very nice gentleman ; but my aunt was not
to be so put off, for she laid her work down in her lap, and said, folding
her hands upon it :
                                                               L
