526             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 besides, I don't know when I shall make it out ; and my bad boy will look
 so miserable all the time. There ! Now you 'l1 go, won't you ? You 'll
 only be gone one night, and Jip will take care of me while you are gone.
 Doady will carry me up stairs before you go, and I won't come down
 again till you come back; and you shall take Agnes a dreadfully scolding
 letter from me, because she has never been to see us ! "
    We agreed, without any more consultation, that we would both go, and
 that Dora was a little Impostor, who feigned to be rather unwell, because
 she liked to be petted. She was greatly pleased, and very merry ; and we
 four, that is to say, my aunt, Mr. Dick, Traddles, and I, went down to
 Canterbury by the Dover mail that night.
    At the hotel where Mr. Micawber had requested us to await him, which
 we got into, with some trouble, in the middle of thc night, I found a
 letter, importing that he would appear in the morning punctually at half-
 past nine. After which, we went shivering, at that uncomfortable hour, to
 our respective beds, through various close passages; which smelt as if they
 had been steeped, for ages, in a solution of soup and stables.
    Early in the morning, I sauntered through the dear old tranquil streets,
 and again mingled with the shadows of the venerable gateways and
 churches. The rooks were sailing about the cathedral towers; and the
towers themselves, overlooking many a long unaltered mile of the rich
country and its pleasant streams, were cutting the bright morning air, as
if there were no such thing as change on earth. Yet the bells, when they
sounded, told me sorrowfully of change in everything; told me of their
own age, and my pretty Dora's youth ; and of the many, never old, who had
lived and loved and died, while the reverberations of the bells had hummed
through the rusty armour of the Black Prince hanging up within, and,
motes upon the deep of Time, had lost themselves in air, as circles do in
water.
    I looked at the old house from the corner of the street, but did not go
nearer to it, lest, being observed, I might unwittingly do any harm to the
design I had come to aid. The early sun was striking edgewise on its
gables and lattice-windows, touching them with gold; and some beams
of its old peace seemed to touch my heart.
    I strolled into the country for an hour or so, and then r e t ~ ~ r n eby
                                                                            d the
main street, which in the interval had shaken off its last night's sleep.
Among those who were stirring in the shops, I saw my ancient enemy the
butcher, now advanced to top-boots and a baby, and in business for himself.
He was nursing the baby, and appeared to be a benignant member of society.
   We all became very anxious and impatient, when we sat down to break-
fast. As it approached nearer and nearer to half-past nine o'clock, our restless
expectation of Mr. Micawber increased. At last we made no more pre-
tence of attending to the meal, which, except with Mr. Dick, had been a
mere form from the first ; but my aunt walked np and down the room,
Traddles sat upon the sofa affecting to read the paper with his eyes on
the ceiling; and I looked out of the window to give early notice of Mr.
Micawber's coming. Nor had I long to watch, for, at the first chime of
the half hour, he appeared in the street.
    " Here he is," said I, " and not in his legal attire ! "
   My aunt tied the strings of her bonnet (she had come down to breakfast
in it), and put on her shawl, as if she were ready for anything that was
