Twenty-fifth Edition.      A new and beautiful Reprint, revised and enlarged, with
                           additional Minor Poems, price 5s.
                              ILLUSTRATED BY CORBOULD,

          THE OMNIPRESENCE O F THE DEITY,

                         BY ROBERT I\IONTGOMERY, M.A.
  " H e has displayed a depth of thought which would do honour to any writer of the present day.
A glowing spirit of devotion dist,inguishes the whole work. I n every page we find 'Thoughts
that breathe and words that burn     A purer body of ethics we have never read; and he who can
peruse it without emotion, clothed as i t is in the graceful garb of poetry, must have a very cold
and insensible heart."-Times.
                                            -
A NEW TREATISE ON THE GAME O F CHESS.
                              BY GEORGE WALKER, ESQ.
                 Ninth Edition. 12mo. cloth lettered, reduced to 5s.
                                            -
                        Second Edition, i n 12mo. cloth, price 6s.
                STUDIES I N ENGLISH POETRY.
                              EDITEDBY JOSEPH PAYNE.
With short Biographical Sketches and Notes, intended as a Text-book for the
 higher classes i n Schools, and as an Introduction to the Study of English
 Literature.

          I n preparation, uniform with the above, by the same Editor,
                 STUDIES I N ENGLISH PROSE.
                 Second Edition, revised and corrected, with a n INDEX,
                    CHEMISTRY NO MYSTERY:
      Being the subject-matter of a Course of Lectures by Dr.                    SCOFF ERN^
   ILLUSTRATED THROUGHOUT WITH DIAGRAMS AND WOODCUTS.
                              I n 121x10. cloth lettered, price 5s.
                                             -
                         Third Edition, revised and corrected,
             BAKEWELL'S
   PHILOSOPHICAL CONVERSATIONS.
                   ILLUSTRATED WITH DIAGRAMS AND WOODCUTS.
                                  I n 12mo. cloth, price 5s.
                                             -
                                    New Edition, price 3s.
                  THE MANUAL OF HERALDRY.
 OLLUSURAUED BV F8UR HUNDIED EWQLAVOMGS QM W@@Dn

                          Also, price 3s. uniform with the above,
          A NEW MANUAL OF PERSPECTIVE.
                       ILLUSTRATED BY NUMEROUS ENGRAVINGS.

           LONDON:
                 A. HALL, VIRTUE & CO. 25, PATERNOSTER
                                                    ROW.
