                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

    " Would you object to my mentioning it to him, sir?" I asked.
    "By no means," said Mr. Spenlow. "But I have some experience
 of Mr. Jorkins, Copperfield. I wish it were otherwise, for I should be
 happy to meet your views in any respect. I cannot have the least objection
to your mentioning it to Mr. Jorkins, Copperfield, if you think it worth
while."
    Availing myself of this permission, which was given with a warm shake
 of the hand, I sat thinking about Dora, and looking at the sunlight stealing
 from the chimney-pots down the wall of the opposite house, until
 Mr. Jorkins came. I then went up to Mr. Jorkins's room, and evidently
 astonished Mr. Jorkins very much by making my appearance there.
     " Come in, Mr. Copperfield," said Mr. Jorkins. " Come in ! "
    I went in, and sat down; and stated my case to Mr. Jorkins pretty
 much as I had stated it to Mr. Spenlow. Mr. Jorkins was not by any
 means theawful creature one might have expected, but a large, mild, smooth-
 faced man of sixty, who took so much snuff that there was a tradition in
 the Commons that he lived principally on that stimulant, having little
 room in his system for any other article of diet.
     " You have mentioned this to Mr. Spenlow, I suppose ? " said Mr.
 Jorkins ; when he had heard me, very restlessly, to an end.
     I answered Yes, and told him that Mr. Spenlow had introduced
 his name.
    "He said I should object ? " asked Mr. Jorkins.
    I was obliged to admit that Mr. Spenlow had considered it probable.
    " I am sorry to say, Mr. Copperfield, I can't advance your object,"
said Mr. Jorkins, nervously. " The fact is-but I have an appointment
at the Bank, if you '11 have the goodness to excuse me."
    With that he rose in a great hurry, and was going out of the room,
when I made bold to say that I feared, then, there was no way of arrang-
ing the matter?
    "No!" said Mr. Jorkins, stopping at the door to shake his head.
"Oh, no ! I object, yon know," which he said very rapidly, and went out.
"You must be aware, Mr. Copperfield," he added, looking restlessly in at
the door again, "if Mr. Spenlow objects ----"
    "Personally, he does not object, sir," said I.
    " Oh ! Personally ! " repeated Mr. Jorkins, in an impatient manner.
"I assure you thcre's an objection, Mr. Copperfield. Hopeless ! What
you wish to be done, can't be done. 1-1 really have got an appoint-
ment at the Bank." With that he fairly ran an7ay; and to the best of my
knowledge, it was three days before he showed himself in the Commons
again.
    Being very anxious to leave no stone unturned, I waited until Mr.
Spenlow came in, and then described what had passed; giving him to
understand that I was not hopeless of his being able to soften the adaman-
tine Jorkins, if he would undertake that task.
    " Copperfield," returned Mr. Spenlow, with a sagacious smile, "yo?
have not known my partner, Mr. Jorkins, as long as I have. Nothing is
farther from my thoughts than to attribute any degree of artifice to Mr.
Jorkins. But Mr. Jorkins has a way of stating his objections whichoften
deceives people. No, Copperfield ! " shaking his head. " Mr. Jorkins is
not to be moved, believe me ! "
