162           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Jack Maldon will never be very busy in getting either, I expect,"

said Doctor Strong, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.
    " Perhaps not," said Mr. Wickfield ; " and you bring me back to the

question, with an apology for digressing. No, I have not been able to
dispose of Mr. Jack Maldon yet. I believe," he said this with some hesita-
tion, "I penetrate your motive, and it makes the thing more difficult."
    "My motive," returned Dr. Strong, "is to make some suitable pro-
vision for a cousin, and an old playfellow, of Annie's."
    " Yes, I know," said Mr. Wickfield; " at home or abroad."
    " Aye !" replied the Doctor, apparently wondering why he emphasised
those words so much. " At home or abroad."
    '' Your own expression, you know," said Mr. Wickfield. " Or abroad."
    " Surely," the Doctor answered.     " Surely.    One or other."
    " One or other?    Have you no choice?" asked Mr. Wickfield.
    " No," returned the Doctor.
    " No ?" with astonishment.

    " Not the least."

    " No motive,"said hlr.Wickfield, "for meaning abroad,and not athome?"

    " No," returned the Doctor.

    " I am bound to believe you, and of course I do believe you," said

Mr. Wickfield. " I t might have simplified my office very much, if I had
known it before. But I confess I entertained another impression."
    Doctor Strong regarded him with a puzzled and doubting look, which
almost immediately subsided into a smile that gave me great encourage-
ment; for it was full of amiability and sweetness, and there was a
 simplicity in it, and indeed in his whole manner, when the studious,
pondering frost upon it was got through, very attractive and hopeful
to a young scholar like me. Repeating " no," and " not the least," and
other short assurances to the same purport, Doctor Strong jogged on
before us, at a queer, uneven pace; and we followed: Mr. Wickfield
 looking grave, I observed, and shaking his head to himself, without
 knowing that I saw him.
    The school-room was a pretty large hall, on the quietest side of the
 house, confronted by the stately stare of some half-dozen of the great
urns, and commanding a peep of an old secluded garden belonging to the
 Doctor, where the peaches were ripening on the sunny south wall. There
 were two great aloes,in tubs, on the turf outside thewindows; the broad hard
 leaves of which plant (looking as if they were made of painted tin) have
 ever since, by association, been symbolical to me of silence and retirement.
 About five-and-twenty boys were studiously engaged at their books when
 we went in, but they rose to give the Doctor good morning, and remained
 standing when they saw Mr. Wickfield and me.
     " A new boy, young       gentlemen," said the Doctor ; " Trotwood
 Copperfield."
     One Adarns, who was the head-boy, then stepped out of his place and
 welcomed me. H e looked like a young clergyman, in his white cravat, but
  he was very affable and good-humored ; and he showed me my place, and
  presented me to the masters, in a gentlemanly way that would have put
  me at my ease, if anything could.
     I t seemed to me so long, however, since I had been among such boys,
  or among any companions of my own age, except Mick Walker and Mealey
