                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          119
   At last Mr. Micawber's difficulties came to a crisis, and he was arrested
 early one morning, and carried over to the King's Bench Prison in the
Borough. He told me, as he went out of the house, that the God of day
had now gone down upon him-and I really thought his heart was broken
and mine too. But I heard, afterwards, that he was seen to play a lively
game at skittles, before noon.
    On the first Sunday after he was taken there, I was to go and see him,
 and have dinner with him. I was to ask my way to such a place, and
just short of that place I should see such another place, and just short of
that I should see a yard, which I was to cross, and keep straight on until
I saw a turnkey. All this I did; and when at last I did see a turnkey
(poor little fellow that I was !), and thought how, when Roderick h d o m
was in a debtor's prison, there was a man there with nothing on him but
an old rug, the turnkey swam before my dimmed eyes and my beating
heart.
    Mr. Micawber was waiting for me within the gate, and we went up to
his room (top story but one), and cried very much. He solemnly con-
jured me, I remember, to take warning by his fate ; and to observe that if
a man had twenty pounds a-year for his income, and spent nineteen pounds
nineteen shillings and sixpence, he would be happy, but that if he spent
twenty pounds one he would be miserable. After which he borrowed a
shilling of me for porter, gave me a written order on Mrs. Micawber for
the amount, and put away his pocket-handkerchief, and cheered up.
   We sat before a little fire, with two bricks put within the rusted grate,
one on each side, to prevent its burning too many coals; until another
debtor, who shared the room with Mr. Micawber, came in from the bake-
house with the loin of mutton which was our joint-stock repast. Then
I was sent up to " Captain Hopkins" in the room overhead, with
Mr. Micawber's compliments, and I was his young friend, and would
Captain Hopkins lend me a knife and fork.
   Captain Hopkins lent me the knife and fork, with his compliments to
Mr. Micawber. There was a very dirty lady in his little room, and two
wan girls, his daughters, with shock heads of hair. I thought it was
better to borrow Captain Ho~kins'sknife and fork, than Captain Hopkins's
comb. The Captain himself was in the last extremity of shabbiness, with
large whiskers, and an old, old brown great-coat with no other coat below it.
I saw his bed rolled up in a corner; and what plates and dishes and pots
he had, on a shelf; and I divined (God knows how) that though the two
girls with the shock heads of hair were Captain Hopkins's children,
the dirty lady was not married to Captain Hopkins. My timid station on
his threshhold was not occupied more than a couple of minutes at most ;
but I came down again with all this in my knowledge, as surely as the
knife and fork were in my hand.
   There was something gipsy-like and agreeable in the dinner, after all.
I took back Captain Ho~kins'sknife and fork early in the afternoon, and
went home to comfort Mrs. Micawber with an account of my visit. She
fainted when she saw me return, and made a little jug of egg-hot after-
wards to console us while we talked it over.
   I don't know how the household furniture came to be sold for the
family benefit, or who sold it, except that I did not. Sold it was, how-
 ever, and carried away in a van; except the bed, a few chairs, and the
