                                                                     No. 1X.-JANUARY,1850.
     COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
                  Sold at all Railway Stations, and by all Newsmen.

    New Weekly Illustrated Periodical for Ladies.
                                              __t_

                   Published Weekly, p&e 3d., Stamped, 4d., or in Monthly Parts,


 THE LADIES'
        klt Borne anb
                      COMPANION          k2.bxoab.
                            EDITED BY MRS. LOUDON.
            ASSISTED BY T H E MOST EMINENT W R I T E R S AND ARTISTS.

 T H E want of a First Class Periodical adapted to the Tastes and Pursuits of
       Women having been constantly urged upon me, I have projected, with an earnest desire
 for the Improvement and Elevation of the Female Character, and in conjunction with some of
 the best names in Literature and Art-
        T H E LADIES' COMPANION A T HOME AND ABROAD.
       The first point will be to enforce the necessity of Mental Cultivation. I n educating female
  children, we too often give an undue importance to accomplishments, forgetting that they are the
  adjunctg and not the principal object ;only the garnishing to the solid food ; useful to make girls
  agreeable in society; but not enough to make them good wives and mothers, or, a t any rate,
 valuable members of the community.
      The Influence of Women in Society, and the necessity for their mental cultivation, are now
 generally acknowledged ; and the old fancy, that learning must make women pedantic and dis-
 agreeable, is rapidly passing away. I t is true that there are some pedantic women, who are exceed-
 ingly disagreeable ; but are there not also pedantic men, who are just a s much so ? And yet no
 one, I believe, ever yet proposed to deny the benefit of mental cultivation to all men, because the
 brains of some few are found too weak to bear it.
      To make women agreeable social companions to their husbands and other male relations, i t is
 necessary for them to be acquainted with many Matters of General Information, continually
 recurring in books and conversation, which are not usually taught in girls' schools ;and it will be
 endeavoured, in the present work, to give young persons such a IEnowledge of the Arts and
 Sciences, and of Ancient and Modern Literature, as will enable them to take an interest in sub-
jects constantly spoken of, without penetrating into the depths of profound learning.
      Next to mental cultivation we place those Household Duties and Useful and Elegant Occupa-
 tions, in which women ought particularly to excel. I t is not enough for a woman to be the
 companion of her husband ; she must be his helpmate ; the tutelary genius of his house : she
 must watch over his domestic comforts while he is engaged in the fatiguing duties of active life ;
 and above all, she must make home comfortable to him, whether she does it merely by the careful
 performance of her household duties, or adds to them the graces of elegant accomplishments.
      I t is not only the poor man's wife who must attend to her Household Duties ; every woman
 has household duties to perform, though they vary according to her rank in life ; and in no one
 can we see the arduous duties of wife and mother more admirably carried out to their fullest
 extent than in the bright example held out to us by the Greatest, the Noblest, the most Honoured,
 and most Beloved Lady in the realm.
      One important feature of this work will be to Advocate the Causes of those Females who are
Compelled to Labour, either mentally or bodily, for their daily bread ; and to suggest some Means
of Employment for the Orphans of Clergymen, Artists, Officers, &c., who are, perhaps, more to
be pitied than any other class ;as to them the privations and mortifications they undergo are doubly
embittered by recollections of the delicacy with which they were reared, and by the refined
tastes and sensitive feelings which are almost inseparable from the education they have received.
     There are, of course, many minor points to be attended to, as, the Garden ; the Poultry-yard ;
Designs for Furniture, Fashions, and Work ;Reviews of Books ; In-door Occupations and Amuse-
ments, and many other incidental topics arising from circumstances, or from the wants or wishes of
our readers. The Illustrations will have frequent reference to the subjects just enumerated, but they
will also include delineations of whatever may be considered distinguished for interest or beauty.
    It must not, however, be supposed that the present publication is to take entirely a serious
character ; on the contrary, the aim will be to combine amusement with instruction, and to make
the lighter parts as entertaining as the more important parts are solid and valuable.
   BAYSWATER,      Nowember 30th, 1849.                                       J. W. LOUDON.
           LONDON: BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET;
Where Advertisements are received, a n d where all Commultications for the Editor should be addressed.
