                         OP DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          117
 from the first, that, if I could not do my work as wellas any of the rest, I
 could not hold myself above slight and contempt. I soon became at least
 as expeditious and as skilful as either of the other boys. Though perfectly
 familiar with them, my conduct and manner were different enough from
 theirs to place a space between us. They and the men generally spoke of
 me as "the little gent," or "the young Suffolker." A certain man named
 Gregory, who was foreman of the packers, and another named Tipp, who
 was the carman, and wore a red jacket, used to address me sometimes as
 " David :" but I think it was mostly when we were very confidential, and

when I had made some efforts to entertain them, over our work, with
 some results of the old readings ; which were fast perishing out of my re-
membrance. Mealy Potatoes uprose once, and rebelled against my being
 so distinguished; but Mick Walker settled him in no time.
    My rescue from this kind of existence I considered quite hopeless, and
abandoned, as such, altogether. I am solemnly convinced that I never for
one hour was reconciled to it, or was otherwise than miserably unhappy;
but I bore it ; and even to Peggotty, partly for the love of her and partly
for shame, never in any letter (though many passed between us) revealed
the truth.
    Mr. Micawber's difficulties were an addition to the distressed state of
my mind. I n my forlorn state I became quite attached to the family, and
used to walk about, busy with Mrs. Micawber's calculations of ways and
means, and heavy with the weight of Mr. Micawber's debts. On a Satur-
day night, which was my grand treat,-partly because it was a great thing
to walk home with six or seven shillings in my pocket, looking into the
shops and thinking what such a sum would buy, and partly because I went
home early,--Mrs.Micawber would make the most heart-rendingconfidences
to me; also on a Sunday morning, when I mixed the portion of tea or coffee
I had bought over-night, in a little shaving pot, and sat late at my break-
fast. I t was nothing at all unusual for Mr. Micawber to sob violently at
the beginning of one of these Saturday night conversations, and sing
about Jack's delight being his lovely Nan, towards the end of it. I have
known him come home to supper with a flood of tears, and a declaration
that nothing was now left but a jail ; and go to bed making a calculation of
the expense of putting bow-windows to the house, "in case anything turned
up," which was his favourite expression. And Mrs. Micawber was just the
same.
   A curious equality of friendship, originating, I suppose, in our respec-
tive circumstances, sprung up between me and these people, notwithstanding
the ludicrous disparity in our years. But I never allowed myself to be
prevailed upon to accept any invitation to eat and drink with them out of
their stock (knowing that they got on badly with the butcher and baker,
and had often not too much for themselves), until Mrs. Micawber took me
into her entire confidence. This she did one evening as follows :
    " Master Copperfield," said Mrs. Micawber, '&lt; I make no stranger of
you, and therefore do not hesitate to say that Mr. Micawber's difficulties
are coming to a crisis."
   I t made me very miserable to hear it, and I looked at Mrs. Micawber's
red eyes with the utmost sympathy.
    " With the exception of the heel of a Dutch cheese-which is not adapted
to the wants of a young familyH-said Mrs. Micawber, " there is really not
