                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                            CHAPTER XXV.
                         GOOD AND BAD ANGELS.

   I WAS going out at my door on the morning after that deplorable day
of headache, sickness, and repentance, with an odd confusion in my mind
relative to the date of my dinner-party, as if a body of Titans had taken
an enormous lever and pushed the day before yesterday some months
back, when I saw a ticket-porter coming up-stairs, with a letter in his
hand. He was taking his time about his errand, then; but when he saw
me on the top of the staircase, looking at him over the bannisters, he
swung into a trot, and came up panting as if he had run himself into a
state of exhaustion.
   " T. Copperfield, Esquire," said the ticket-porter, touching his hat with

his little cane.
   I could scarcely lay claim to the name : I was so disturbed by the con-
viction that the letter came from Agnes. However, I told him I was
T. Copperfield, Esquire, and he believed it, and gave me the letter, which
he said required an answer. I shut him out on the landing to wait for
the answer, and went into my chambers again, in such a nervous state
that I was fain to lay the letter down on my breakfast-table, and familiarise
myself with the outside of it a little, before I could resolve to break
the seal.
   I found, when I did open it, that it was a very kind note, containing no
reference to my condition at the theatre. All it said, was, "My dear
Trotwood. I am staying at the house of papa's agent, Mr. Waterbrook,
in Ely-place, Holborn. Will you come and see me to-day, at any time
you like to appoint? Ever yours affectionately, AGNES."
   I t took me such a long time to write an answer at all to my satis-
faction, that I don't know what the ticket-porter can have thought,
unless he thought I was learning to write. I must have written half a
dozen answers at least. I began one, " How can I ever hope, my dear
Agnes, to efface from your remembrance the disgusting impression "-
there I didn't like it, and then I tore it up. I began another, " Shakspeare
has observed, my dear Agnes, how strange it is that a man should put an
enemy into his mouth"-that         reminded me of Markham, and it got no
farther. I even tried poetry. I began one note, in a six-syllable line, " Oh do
not rememberM-but that associated itself with the fifth of November, and
became an absurdity. After many attempts, I wrote, " My dear Agnes.
Your letter is like you, and what could I say of it that would be higher
praise than that ? I will come at four o'clock. Affectionately and sor-
rowfully, T. C." With this missive (which I was in twenty minds at once
about recalling, as soon as it was out of my hands), the ticket-porter at
last departed.
   I f the day were half as tremendous to any other professional gentleman
in Doctors' Commons as it was to me, I sincerely believe he made some
                                                                  S
