                       O F DAVID COPPEBEIELD.                            591
 much to be deplored it was, on all accounts ! We are not ignorant, sir,"
 said Mr. Chillip, slowly shaking his little head again, "down in our part
of the country, of your fame. There must be great excitement here, sir,"
 said Mr. Chillip, tapping himself on the forehead with his forefinger.
 "You must find it a trying occupation, sir! "
    " What is your part of the country now 2 " I asked, seating myself

near him.
    " I am established within a few miles of Bury St. Edmunds, sir," said

Mr. Chillip. " Mrs. Chillip, coming into a little property in that neigh-
bourhood, under her father's will, I bought a practice down there, in which
YOU will be glad to hear I am doing well.      My daughter is growing quite
a tall lass now, sir," said Mr. Chillip, giving his little head another little
shake. " Her mother let down two tucks in her frocks only last week.
Such is Time, you see, sir ! "
    As the little man put his now empty glass to his lips, when he made
this reflection, I proposed to him to have it refilled, and I would keep him
company with another. " Well, sir," he retnrned in his slow way, " it 'S
more than I am accnstomed to ; but I can't deny myself the pleasure of
your conversation. I t seems but yesterday that I had the honor of
attending you in the measles. You came through them charmingly, sir ! "
   I acknowledged this compliment, and ordered the negus, which was
soon produced. " Quite an uncommon dissipation ! " said Mr. Chillip,
stirring it, "but I can't resist so extraordinary an occasion. You have
no family, sir ? "
    I shook my head.
    " I was aware that you sustained a bereavement, sir, somc time ago,"

said Mr. Chillip. " I heard it from your father-in-law's sister. Very
decided character there. sir ? "
    " Why, yes," said 'I, " decided enough. Where did you see her,
&fr. chilli^ ? "
    " Are you not aware, sir," returned Mr. Chillip, with his placidest
smile, " that your father-in-law is again a neighbour of mine ? "
    " No," said I.
    " EIe is indeed, sir ! " said Mr. Chillip. "Married a young lady of that
part, with a very good little property, poor thing.-And this action of
the brain now, sir? Don't you find it fatigue you? " said Mr. Chillip,
looking at me like an admiring Robin.
    I waived that question, and returned to the BIurdstones. "I was aware
of his being married again. Do you attend the family ? " I asked.
    "Not regularly. I have been called in," he replied. " Strong phreno-
logical development of the organ of firmness, in Mr. Murdstone and his
sister, sir."
    I replied with such an expressive look, that Mr. Chillip was emboldened
by that, and the negus together, to give his head several short shakes,
and thoughtfully exclaim, " Ah, dear me ! We remember old times, Mr.
Copperfield ! "
    "And the brother and sister are pursuing their old course, are they P "
said I.
    "Well, sir," replied Mr. Chillip, " a medical man, being so much in
families, ought to have neither eyes nor ears for anything but his pro-
