                         OF DAVID COPPERBIELD.

  " I beg your pardon,     sir ? "
  "   I s Mr. Steerforth coming from Oxford? "
   "I should imagine that he might be here to-morrow, sir. I rather
thought he might have been here to-day, sir. The mistake is mine, no
doubt, sir."
   "If you should see him first-" said I.
   " If you '11 excuse me, sir, I don't think I shall see him first."
   " I n case you do," said I, "pray say that I am sorry he was not here
to-day, as an old schoolfellow of his was here."
   "Indeed, sir ! " and he divided a bow between me and Traddles, with
a glance at the latter.
   He was moving softly to the door, when, in a forlorn hope of saying
something naturally-which I never could, to this man-I said :
   " Oh ! Littimer ! "
      Sir ! "
   "Did you remain long at Yarmouth, that time? "
   " Not particularly so, sir."
   " You saw the boat completed ? "
   " Yes, sir. I remained behind on purpose to see the boat completed."
   " I know ! "     He raised his eyes to mine respectfully. " Mr. Steerforth
has not seen it yet, I suppose? "
   "I really can't say, sir. I think-but I really can't say, sir. I wish
you good night, sir."
   H e comprehended everybody present,in the respectful bow with which he
followed these words, and disappeared. My visitors seemed to breathe
more freely when he was gone; but my own relief was very great, for
besides the constraint, arising from that extraordinary sense of being at a
disadvantage which I always had in this man's presence, my conscience
had embarrassed me with whispers that I had mistrusted his master, and
I could not repress a vague uneasy dread that he might find it out. How
was it, having so little in reality to conceal, that I always did feel as if
this man were finding me out?
   Mr. Micawber roused me from this reflection, which was blended with
a certain remorseful apprehension of seeing Steerforth himself, by bestow-
ing many encomiums on the absent Littimer as a most respectable fellow,
and a thoroughly admirable servant. Mr. Micawber, I may remark, had
taken his full share of the general bow, and had received it with infinite
condescension.
   "But punch, my dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, tasting it,
" like time and tide, waits for no man.     Ah ! it is at the present moment
in high flavor. My love, will you give me your opinion? "
   Mrs. Micawber pronounced it excellent.
   " Then I will drink," said Mr. Micawber, " if my friend Copperfield
will permit me to take that social liberty, to the days when my friend
Copperfield and myself were younger, and fought our way in the world
side by side. I may say, of myself and Copperfield, in words we have
sung together before now, that
                       We twa' hae run about the braes
                       And pn'd the gowans fine
