446            THE PERSONIIL HISTORY AND EXPERIESCE

   Next day, too, when we all go in a flock to see the house-our house-
Dora's and mine-I am quite unable to regard myself as its master. I
seem to be there, by permission of somebody else. 1half expect the real
master to come home presently, and say he is glad to see me. Such a
beautiful little house as it is, with everything so bright and new; with the
flowers on the carpets looking as if freshly gathered, and the green leaves
on the paper as if they had just come out; with the spotless muslin
curtains, and the blushing rose-coloured furniture, and Dora's garden hat
with the blue ribbon-do I remember, now, how I loved her in such another
hat when I first knew her !-already hanging on its little peg; the guitar-
case quite at homc on its heels in a corner; and everybody tumbling over
Jip's Pagoda, which is much too big for the establishment.
   Another happy evening, quite as unreal as all the rest of it, and I steal
into the usual room before going away. Dora is not there. I suppose
they have not done trying on yet. Miss Lavinia peeps in, and tells me
mysteriously that she will not be long. She is rather long, notwith-
standing; but by-and-by I hear a rustling at the door, and some
one taps.
   I say, " Come in ! " but some one taps again.
   I go to the door, wondering who it is ; there, I meet a pair of bright eyes,
and a blushing face ; they are Dora's eyes and face, and Miss Lavinia has
dressed her in to-morrow's dress, bonnet and all, for me to see. I take
my little wife to my heart; and Miss Lavinia gives a little scream because
I tumble the bonnet, and Dora laughs and cries at once, because I am so
pleased; and I believe it less than ever.
   "Do you think it pretty, Doady ? " says Dora.
   Pretty ! I should rather think I did.
   " And are you sure you like me very much? " says Dora.
   The topic is fraught with such danger to the bonnet, that Miss Lavinia
gives another little scream, and begs me to understand that Dora is only
to be looked at, and on no account to be touched. So Dora stands in a
delightful state of confusion for a minute or two, to be admired; and
then takes off her bonnet-looking so natural without it !-and runs away
with it in her hand; and comes dancing down again in her own familiar
dress, and asks Jip if I have got a beautiful little wife, and whether he '11
forgive her for being married, and kneels down to make him stand upon
the cookery-book, for the last time in her single life.
   I go home, more incredulous than ever, to a lodging that I have hard
by; and get up very early in the morning, to ride to the Highgate road
and fetch my aunt.
   I have never seen my aunt in such state. She is dressed in lavender-
colored silk, and has a white bonnet on, and is amazing. Janet has
dressed her, and is there to look at me. Peggotty is ready to go to church,
intending to behold the ceremony from the gallery. Mr. Dick, who is to
 give my darling to me at the altar, has had his hair curled. Traddles,
whom I have taken up by appointment at the turnpike, presents a dazzling
 combination of cream color and light blue ; and both he and Mr. Dick have
 a general effect about them of being all gloves.
    No doubt I see this, because I know it is so ; but I am astray, and
 seem to see nothing. Nor do I believe anything whatever. Still, as we
