6                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.


            NEW MONTHLY WORK,                                         BY MRS. ELLIS;
                        AUTHOR OF "SOCIAL DISTINCTION;          OR,   HEARTS   AND HOMES.''

                    Now Ready, the First Nwm6er, price 2s., to be continued Mcnthly,
                                         MRS. E L L I S ' S




Being a new and original Miscellany. especially written and arranged for the instruction and entertainmentof
the Ladies of the British Empire. I t will be conducted by MRS. ELLIS, and open with a new work of fiction,
descriptive of domestic life, from her admired pen. Tales and Sketches by the ablest authors of the day will
appear in its pages, which will be further illustrated with engravings from paintings by the most eminent
modern artists, embracing everything that can interest the Mother, the Wife, and the Daughter; in connection
with the Fine Arts and Elegant Literature.

                       JOHN & FREDERICK TALLIS, LONDON AND NEW YORK.

         Just Published, Second Edition, Enlarged, with Portrait of the Author; Cloth, Price             58.



        R U I N S OF M A N Y L A N D S .
                          A PILGRIMAGE.              B Y NICHOLAS MICHELL.
           :-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Egypt-
CONTENTS
             -
     Corinth Rome-Pompeii       -
                                                  Ruined Cities of America-Rock-Temples of India-Athens-
                                   South of France-Ephesus-Baalbec-Palmyra         -Persepolis- Jerusalem, &c.
  '' The Author opens to us new and delightful fields for contemplation and Study, and whether we wander
with him through Egypt's 'templed vale ' t o the ruined cities o f Mexico, the rock-temples ofIndia,or Athens
Palmyra, and Pompei~.we are always fakeinated by his clear and fervid style, and the elevating character o i
his sentiments."-Sunday Times.
  " Most heartily do we rejoice t o see a second and a n enlarged edition of Mr. Michell's remarkable work."-
Neu Monthly Magazine.
  "Ideas more refined, poetic beauties more richly developed, and classic knowledge more extensive, We
scarcely remember to have seen. The work is most valuable."-Cambridge         Independent Press.
  "This remarkable and interesting production must be deemed a standard composition whereverthe English
language i s understood. It is a n extraordinary volume."-Morning     Advertiser, 17th Nov.
                    LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG, and Co., Cheapside j and all Booksellers.




     SOWERBY'S ENGLISH BOTANY,
                        Re-Issue in Monthly Parts, at 3s. 6d.
   Part 30 of the above is now ready; as are also Vols. I. and I1 containing together upwards of 420
Plates and Descriptions, a t ) I 19s. 6 d . per Volume, hoards. COP;;?* of Vols.'~. to VII,: comprising the
Flowering Plants, In neat Boards, well adapted for Presents, (this Work being the only complete Illustrated
Flora of this or any country) at 141. 7s. the set.
     To be had of the Proprietor, JUDITH SOWERBY, 3, Mead Place, Lamheth, and of all Booksellers.




LAUGH;nebWHILE
          Bong
                    YOU CAN!
               tile 55eai41on+                        far
        DEDICATED TO ALL SUFFERERS I N MIND, BODY, AND POCKET,
                                BY HENRY FARE.                    Price 2s. 6d.
   "Better than champagne for raising the npirits of a dull party."-'(            This author has the stuff in him."-
" \Ye heartily welcome Mr. Fare-the Philosophy of his ongs i s undeniable." For othcr favourable notices,
see Ilerald, Doi1.u Nrua, Uesy~utch,&c.; also, Chlrrch and Slate G o x r l t e , Oct. 26.-Posted free for 36 stamps.

                            LIBRARY, 1, EDWARD'S TERRACE, KENSINGTON.
