                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.

                                I n the Press, and shortly will be PzcUished,

       THE SOLITARY, AND OTHER POEMS,
                               W l T H T H E CAVALIER.                 A PLAY.
                                    BY CHARLES WHITEHEAD.
                    LONDON: RICHARD BENTLEY, N E W BURLINGTON STREET.
,                                                                                                          --
                            This Day is Published, in small 8v0, price 3s. 6d.,

     T H E E N C H A N T E D DOLL.
                                 $3 gairg &ale far Xittle VeapTe.
                                          BY MARK LEMON.
   "The moral of t h e Tale is unexceptionable, and one that is always welcome, and the thanks of t h a t important
minikin public for which the great Newhury laboured in days of yore, are due t o Mr. Lemon for this
little book."-Examiner.

                            This Day is Pdlished, Q Foolscap 8v0, price Ss.,
                                    A SHORT INQUIRY INTO

       THE HISTORY OF AGRICULTURE,
                               IN ANCIENT, MEDIIEVAL,       AND MODERN     TIMES.
                           BY CHANDOS WREN HOSKYNS, ESQ.

                       This Day is Published, in Foolscap 8v0,price 4s. 6d. cloth,
                                                      THE


  POETICAL WORKS OF ALEXANDER POPE.
            REVISED AND ARRANGED EXPRESSLY FOR YOUNG PERSONS AND SCHOOLS.
                                       BY W. C. MACREADY.
                            BRADBURY AND EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.
                                                                                                            -


                                                    -
              FOR THE USE OF SCHOOLS AND YOUNC PERSONS.


                                 A Third Edition of the Epitome of
    ALISON'S HISTORY OF EUROPE.
                      Price Seven Shillings and Sixpence, strongly bound in cloth.

                               ....
  " w e perceive the traces of some masterly hand employed upon the laborious and responsible task of
selection and compression.                 A work which cannot be too widely disseminated, but especially
adapted for those t o whose service it professes to he dedicated-schools and young persons."-John BU~J.


                   WILLIAM BLACKWOOD AND SONS, EDINBURGH AND LONDON.
                                 *,* Sold by all Booksellers.

                                    Now Read    ,Volume I., 7s. 6d. cloth.
     CONFESSIONS OF CON CREGAN,
                                   THE IRISH GIL BLAS.
             W l T H ILLUSTRATIONS O N WOOD A N D STEEL, BY H. K. BROWNE ( P H I Z .
  "The manner of the writer happily corresponds with his matter. An easier flow of narration, without
obtrusive familiarity, or a yet more offensive untidiness, does not occur to us than we find in Con Cregan."-
Atheneum.

                           LONDON: WM,S. ORR AND CO., AMEN CORNER.
