                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           207
because of something really remarkable in her. She had black hair
and eager black eyes, and was thin, and had a scar upon her lip. I t was
an old scar-I should rather call it, seam, for it was not discolored, and
had healed years ago-which had once cut through her mouth, downward
towards the chin, but was now barely visible across the table, except above
and on her upper lip, the shape of which it had altered. I concluded in
my own mind that she was about thirty years of age, and that she wished
t o be married. She was a little dilapidated-like a house-with having
been so long t o let; yet had, as I have said, an appearance of good looks.
Her thinness seemed to be the effect of some wasting fire within her, which
found a vent in her gaunt eyes.
    She was introduced as Miss Dartle, and both Steerforth and his mother
called her Rosa. I found that she lived there, and had been for a long
time Mrs. Steerforth's companion. I t appeared to me that she never said
anything she wanted to say, outright ; but hinted it, and made a great deal
more of it by this practice. Por example, when Mrs. Steerforth observed,
more in jest than earnest, that she feared her son led but a wild life at
college, Miss Dartle put in thus :
    " Oh, really? You know how ignorant I am, and that I only ask for
information, but isn't it always so ? I thought that kind of life was on
all hands understood to be-eh ? "
    " I t is education for a very grave profession, if you mean that, Rosa,"
Mrs. Steerforth answered with some coldness.
    " Oh ! Yes ! That's very true," returned Miss Dartle.       "But isn't it,
though ?-I want to be put right if I am wrong-isn't it really ? "
    " Really what ? " said Mrs. Steerforth.

    " Oh ! You mean it's nod !" returned Miss Dartle.       " Well, I 'm very
 glad to hear it! Now, I know what to do. That's the advantage of
 asking. I shall never allow people to talk before me about wastefulness
 and profligacy, and so forth, in connection with that life, any more."
    "And you will be right," said Mrs. Steerforth. "My son's tutor is a
 conscientious gentleman ; and if I had not implicit reliance on my son, I
 should have reliance on him."
    " Should you? " said Miss Dartle. "Dear me ! Conscientious, is he ?
 Really conscientious, now ? "
    " Yes, I am convinced of it," said Mrs. Steerforth.
    "How very nice ! " exclaimed Miss Dartle. "What a comfort ! Really
 conscientious ? Then he 's not-but of course he can't be, if he's really
 conscientious. Well, I shall be quite happy in my opinion of him, from
this time. You can't think how it elevates him in my opinion, to know
for certain that he 's really conscientious ! "
    Her own views of every question, and her correction of everything
that was said to which she was opposed, Miss Dartle insinuated in the
 same way: sometimes, I could not conceal from myself, with great power,
 though in contradiction even of Steerforth. An instance happened before
dinner was done. Mrs. Steerforth speaking to me about my intention of
going down into Suffolk, I said at hazard how glad I should be, if Steer-
forth would only go there with me ; and explaining to him that I was
going to see my old nurse, and Mr. Peggotty's family, I reminded him of
the boatman whom he had seen at school.
