12                                              ADVERTISEMENTS.
.-----                                      -

N O MORE P I L L S NOR ANY OTHER MEDICINE.-DYSPEPSIA                                           (INDIGESTION)
    HABITUAL CONSTIPATION, DIARRHCEA, NERVOUS, BILIOUS, LIVER COMPLAINTS and
GENERAL DEBILITY, effectually removed, withont Pills or any other Medicine, by
                   DU BARF~YJSREVALENTA ARABICA FOOD.
  Analysis by the celebrated Professor of Chemistry and Analytical Chemist, Andrew Ure, M.D., F.R.S., &c. :-
                                                              " London. 24. Bloomsburv-sauare. J u n e 8. 1840.
  " I hereby certify that having examined ' D u Barry's ~ e v a l e n t a~rahica,' I 6;d it'to he a pure'@etahle
Farina, perfectly wholesome, easily digestible, likely t o promote a healthy action of the stomach and bowels,
and thereby to counteract dyspepsia, constipation, and their nervous consequences.
                                                    "ANDREW URE, M.D., F.R.S., &c., Analytical Chemist."
  This light delicious Breakfast Food, without medicine of any kind, without inconvenience, and without
expense, as it saves other more costly food, prepares the system effectually to resist Cholera and other
Epidemics and speedily and permanently removes Dyspepsia (Indigestion), Constipation, and Diarrhcea, the
main caus;s of Nervousness Biliousness, Liver Complaint, Flatulency, Distension, Palpitation of the Heart,
Nervous Headaches, ~ e a f n e b sNoises
                                  .      in the Head and Ears, Pains in almost every part of the Body, Inflam.
mation and Cancer in the Stomach. Asthma, Eruptions on the Skin, Scrofula, Consumption, Dropsy, Rheu.
matism, Gout, Heartburn, Nausea and Vomiting during Pregnancy, after Eating, or a t Sea, Low Spirits
Spasms, Spleen. General Debility, Cough, Inquietude, Sleeplessness, Involuntary Blushing. Tremors, ~ i s l i k ;
to Society, Unfitness for Study, Loss of Memory, Delusions, Vertigo, Blood to t h e Head, Exhaustion, Melan-
choly, Groundless Fear, Indecision, Wretchedness, Thoughts of Self-Destruction, and Insanity. The best food
for infants and invalids generally, as, unlike arrowroot and other artificial substances, it never turns acid on
the weakest stomach, hut imparts a healthy relish for lunch and dinner, and restores the faculty of digestion,
and nervous and muscular energy, t o the most enfeebled.
                                                    CASES.
    From the Right Hon. the Lord Stuart De Decies. 'I Dromana, Capoquin. County Waterford, Feb. 15, 1849.
    " Gentlemen, I have derived much benefit from the use of the 'Revalenta Food.' It is only due to yourselves
 and to the public t o state that you are a t Liberty to make any use of this communication which you may
 think proper. I remain,lgentlernen, your obedient servant,                                   "STUART DE DECIES."
                                                              " 4, Park Walk, Little Chelsea, London, Oct. 2, 1848.
    " Twenty.seven years' dyspepsia from which I had suffered greatpain and inconvenience, and for which I
 had consulted the advice of many, )has been effectually removed by your excellent ' Revalenta Arahica Food:
 in six weeks'time. &c.                                             " PARKER D. BINGHAM, Captain, Royal Navy.
    William Hunt, Esq., Barrister-at-law, King's College, Cambridge, has thanked us for the general benefit he
 has derived from our " Revalenta Arabica Food." At the age of eighty-three he obtained effectual relief from
 functional disorders of long standing and overcame a recent attack of erysipelas, byconfining his diet entirely
 t o this excellent Food,-to the excluLion of all other remedies. We extract the following lines from one of his
 last letters :-
    " I ~ l o consider
              \~        myself a stranger to all complaints, excepting a hearty old age. I am as well as ever I
 Wac, and qulte free from the vexatious and tro~~blesornc       annoyance of a n eruption of the skin, from which I had
 suffrled for .ycnrs,. and which my medical attcndant had declared incurable a t my time o t life."
                                                                         " 12, Patrick-street, Cork, 4th April, 1849.
    " Respected Friends,-I     have given your 'Arabica Food ' to a girl of fifteen, who during t h e lastseven years
had not been a day without vomiting fifteen or sixteen times, and sometimes oftener. The fourth day after
 she commenced your Food, vomiting ceased altogether, and she has not thrown up since; her health is
improving wonderfully, and I trust this will continue," &c. &c.                                " WILLIAM MARTIN."
                                                                          " Bromley, Middlesex, March 31st, 1849.
    " Gentlemen,-The lady for whom I ordered your Food is six months advanced in pregnancy, and was
suffering severely from indigestion, constipation, throwing up her meals shortly after eating them, having a
great deal of heartburn, and being constantly obliged to resort t o physic o r the enema, and sometimes both.
I am happy to inform yon that your Food produced immediate relief. She has never been sick since, had but
little heartburn, and the functions are more regular," &c. &c.                                " THOS. WOODHOUSE."
                                                                           " Bromley, Middlesex, 11th June, 1849.
    " Dear Sirs,-I am very happy to have t o inform yon, that on Tuesday lastthe lady mentioned in my previous
letter was safely delivered of a son; and you will no doubt be glad tolearn, that they are both doing exceedingly
well. She hashad a much better 'time'than formerly, and the child is very strong and healthy. Not satisfied
with any thanks that I can give you, she begs I will express t o you her gratitude for this favourable change
which she entirely attributes to the 4Revalenta,'and t o following strictlythe advice which you have been so ver;
kind as t o give her from time t o time.-I am, gentlemen, very truly yours,               '' THOMAS WOODHOUSE."
                                                                "3, Sidney Terrace, Reading, Berks., Dec. 3, 1847.
    "Gentlemen,-I      am happy t o he able t o inform you t h a t t h e person for whom the former quantity was
procured has derived very great beneflt from its use; distressing symptoms of long standing have been
removed, and a feeling of restored health induced. "JAMES SHORLAND, late Surgeon, 96th Regiment.''
                                                       " 21, Broad Street, Golden Square, London, Nov. 20, 1847.
    (Details of nineteen years' dyspepsia nervousness, sickness a t the stomach, with spasms and vomiting,
and liver complaint, and three weeks! Revalenta treatment.)-'I I humbly and sincerely thank God, and
yourselves, as His instruments, &c.                                                       " ISABELLA GRELLIERE."
                                                                                 "Athol.street, Perth, May a, 1848.
    "Some time has now elapsed since the lady (who had been a n invalid for thirteen years from want of
digestion, accompanied with cough and general prostration of strength) for whom I procured your 'Arabica'
Food, has been using it daily as directed, and I am happy t o say that it has produced a most Salutary change
in her system, &c.                                                                                "JAMES PORTER.
                                                                      " Haddington, East Lothian, March, 3, 1849.
    " Dear Sir -Your excellent 'Arabica Food' has completely restored m y stomach, nerves, and liver, which
had been disbrdered for nearly twenty years past, and my health is now everything I could wish, and has beef:
so these three months past, &c.                                                                 "ANDREW FRASER.
                                                         " 2, Princess.street, Manchester, 3rd Month, 19th, 1849.
    " Respected Friend,- ......... I think no one who had received or seen so much good and comfort result
from it as in my mother's case, would be withont it in sickness. Thou art a t liberty to use this letter a s thou
thinkest best, and I will cheerfully answer any inquiries.
                 " I am, thy friend,                                 " EDWARD CORBETT, Sanitary Engineer," &c.
    I n canisters at 2s. gd.; a t 4s. 6d . a t 11s.; 101b. a t 228.; super-refined quality, Slh., 33s.; and 41b. 22s. ;
suitably packed for all climates. 81d.'and 101h. canisters forwarded by DU BARRY and Co., on receipt of Post-
office or bankers' orders (carriage free) t o any town or railroad station connected by rail with London, or t o
any port in Scotland or Ireland connected with London by steam or sailing vessels. Shipments abroad
attended to.
    A popular Treatise on ' I Indigestion and Constipation," entitled "The Natural Regenerator of the Digestive
Organs without Medicine," by Du BARRY             and Co., forwarded by them, post free, on receipt of letter stamps
for ad.; also a t WHITTAKER      and Co.; SIMPKIN,    MASHALL      and Co. ; and all Booksellers.
    Agents and the Trade will please apply t o Messrs. DU BARRY and Co., 127, New Bond-street, London.
