                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             139
  perfectly neat; but scantily made, as if she desired to be as little encum-
  bered as possible. I remember that I thought it, in form, more like a
 riding-habit with the superfluous skirt cut off, than anything else. She
  wore at her side a gentleman's gold watch, if I might judge from its size
 and make, with an appropriate chain and seals ; she had some linen at her
 throat not unlike a shirt-collar, and things at her wrists like little shirt-
 wristbands.
    Mr. Dick, as I have already said, was grey-headed, and florid : I should
 have said all about him, in saying so, had not his head been curiously
 bowed-not by age; it reminded me of one of Mr. Creakle's boys' heads
 after a beating-and his grey eyes prominent and large, with a strange
 kind of watery brightness in them that made me, in combination with his
 vacant manner, his submission to my aunt, and his childish delight when
 she praised him, suspect him of being a little mad ; though, if he were
 mad, how he came to be there puzzled me extremely. H e was dressed
 like any other ordinary gentleman, in a loose grey morning coat and waist-
 coat, and white trowsers; and had his watch in his fob, and his money in
 his pockets : which he rattled as if he were very proud of it.
    Janet was a pretty blooming girl, of about nineteen or twenty,
 and a perfect picture of neatness. Though I made no further obser-
 vation of her at the moment, I may mention here what I did not
 discover until afterwards, namely, that she was one of a series of prot6g6es
 whom my aunt had taken into her service expressly to educate in a
 renouncement of mankind, and who had generally completed their abjura-
tion by marrying the baker.
    The room was as neat as Janet or my aunt. As I laid down my pen,
 a moment since, to think of it, the air from the sea came blowing in
 again, mixed with the perfume of the flowers ; and I saw the old-fashioned
furniture brightly rubbed and polished, my aunt's inviolable chair and
table by the round green fan in the bow-window, the drugget-covered
carpet, the cat, the kettle-holder, the two canaries, the old china, the punch-
bowl full of dried rose leaves, the tall press guarding all sorts of bottles and
pots, and, wonderfully out of keeping with the rest, my dusty self upon
the sofa, taking note of everything.
    Janet had gone away to get the bath ready, when my aunt, to my great
alarm, became in one moment rigid with indignation, and had hardly voice
to cry out, '&lt; Janet ! Donkies ! "
    Upon which, Janet came running up the stairs as if the house were in
flames, darted out on a little piece of green in front, and warned off two
saddle-donkeys, lady-ridden, that had presumed to set hoof upon i t ;
while my aunt, rushing out of the house, seized the bridle of a third
animal laden with a bestriding child, turned him, led him forth from
those sacred precincts, and boxed the ears of the unlucky urchin in
attendance who had dared to profane that hallowed ground.
    To this hour I don't know whether my aunt had any lawful right of way
over that patch of green; but she had settled it in her own mind that
she had, and it was all the same to her. The one great outrage of her life,
demanding to be constantly avenged, was the passage of a donkey over that
immaculate spot. I n whatever occupation she was engaged, however
interesting to her the conversation in which she was taking part, a donkey
