412           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Strand. As I passed the steps of the portico, I encountered, at the
corner, a woman's face. I t looked in mine, passed across the narrow
lane, and disappeared. I knew it. I had seen it somewhere. But I could
not remember where. I had some association with it, that struck upon
my heart directly; but I was thinking of anything else when it came
upon me, and was confused.
     On the steps of the church, there was the stooping figure of a man,
who had put down some burden on the smooth snow, to adjust i t ; my
seeing the face, and my seeing him, were simultaneous. I don't think
I had stopped in my surprise; but, in any case, as I went on, he rose,
turned, and came down towards me. I stood face to face with Mr.
Peggotty !
     Then I remembered the woman. I t was Martha, to whom Emily had
given the money that night in the kitchen. Martha Endell-side by side
with whom, he would not have seen his dear niece, Ham had told me, for
all the treasures wrecked in the sea.
     We shook hands heartily. At first neither of us could speak a word.
     " Rlas'r Davy ! " he said, griping me tight," it do my art good to see

you, sir. Well met, well met ! "
     "Well met, my dear old friend ! " said I.
     " I had my thowts 0' coming to makeinquiration for you, sir, to-night,"
he said, " but knowing as your aunt was living along wi' you-for I've
been down yonder-Yarmouth              way-I was afeerd it was too late. I
should have come early in the morning, sir, afore going away."
     " Again ? " said I.
     ' ' Y ~ S , sir," he replied, patiently shaking his head, " I ' m away
to-morrow."
     " Where were you going now ?" I asked.
     "Well ! " he replied, shaking the snow out of his long hair, " I was
a going to turn in somewheers."
     I n those days there was a side-entrance to the stable-yard of the Golden
Cross, the inn so memorable to me in connexion with his misfortune, nearly
opposite to where we stood. I pointed out the gateway, put my arm
through his, and we went across. Two or three public-rooms opened out
of the stable-yard; and looking into one of them, and finding it empty,
and a good fire burning, I took him in there.
     When I saw him in the light, I observed, not only that his hair was
long and ragged, but that his face was burnt dark by the sun. He was
greyer, the lines in his face and forehead were deeper, and he had every
appearance of having toiled and wandered through all varieties of weather;
but he looked very strong, and like a man upheld by stedfastness of
purpose, whom nothing could tire out. H e shook the snow from his hat
and clothes, and brushed it away from his face, while I was inwardly
making these remarks. As he sate down opposite to me at a table, with
his back to the door by which we had entered, he put out his rough hand
again, and grasped mine warmly.
     " I ' l l tell you, Mas'r Davy," he said,--" wheer all I've been, and
 what-all we 've heerd. I've been fur, and we 've heerd little; but
 I '11 tell you ! "
     I rang the bell for something hot to drink. He would have nothing
 younger than ale ; and while it was being brought, and being warmed at
