                                                   2
authority, of great innate modesty, and of a most sweet humanity. This remark-
able alderman, as I am informed by The Observer newspaper, then and there
delivered himself (I quote the passage without any correction) as follows :
  "Having touched upon the point of saving to the poor, he begged to illustrate it by reading for them
the particulars of a survey that nad been made in a locality called ' Jacob's Island '-[a laugh]-where,
according to the surveyor, 1,300 houses were erected on forty acres of ground. The surveyor asserted
and laid down that each house could he supplied with a constant supply of pure water-secondly, t h a t
each house could he supplied with a sink-thirdly, a water-closet-fourthly, a drain-fifthly, a foundation
drain-and, sixthly, the acconlmodation of a dust bin [laughter], and all at the average rate of 13s. 4d.
per week [oh, oh, and laughter].
  ";Mr. G. BIRD: Can Sir Peter Laurie tellthe vestry where 'Jacob's Island ' is [laughter].
  " Sir P. Launra: : That was just what he was about to teli them.      The Bishop of London, poor soul,
in his simplicity, thought there redly was such a place, which he had been describing so minutely,
whereasit turwd out that it ONLY edsted in a work offiction, written b y b!!. Charles Dickwzs ten
w a v s ago [roars of laughter]. The fact zoas adnzitted b y Mr. Charles Dickens himself at the meeting,
and he (Sir P. Laurie) had extracted his words from the same paper, the Morrhing Herald. Mr. Dickens
said 'Now the first of these cPasses proceeded generally on the supposition that the compulsory improve-
ment of these dwellings, when exceedingly defective, would be very expensive. But that was a great
mistake, for nothiilg wascheaper than good sanitary improvements, as they ]mew in this case of 'Jacob's
Island' [laughter], which he had described in a work of fiction some ten or eleven years ago.'"
  When I came to read this, I was so much struck by the honesty, by the truth,
and by the wisdom of this logic, as well as by the fact of the sagacious vestry,
including members of parliament, magistrates, officers, chemists, and I know
not who else, listening to i t meekly (as became them), that I resolved to record
the fact here, as a certain means of making it known to, and causing it to be
reverenced by, many thousands of people. Reflecting upon this logic, and its
universal application; remembering that when FIELDING     described Newgate, the
prison immediately ceased to exist ; that when SMIIOLLETT  took Roderick Random
to Bath, that city instantly sank into the earth; that when SOOTTexercised
his genius on Whitefriars, it incontinently glided into the Thames; that an
ancient place called Windsor was entirely destroyed in the reign of Queen
Elizabeth by two Merry Wives of that town, acting under the direction of a
person of the name of SHAKESPEARE;         and that MR. POPE,after having at a
great expense completed his grotto at Twickenham, incautiously reduced it to
ashes by writing a poem upon it ;-I say, when I came to consider these things,
I was inclined to make this preface the vehicle of my humble tribute of admi-
ration to SIR PETERLAURIE.But, I am restrained by a very painful consideration
-by no less a consideration than the impossibility of his existence. For SIR
PETERLAURIEhaving been himself described in a book (as I understand he was,
one Christmas time, for his conduct on the seat of Justice), it is but too clear
that there C A N be no such man !
   Otherwise, I should have been quite sure of his concurrence in the following
passage, written thirty years ago by my late lamented friend the Reverend SYDNEY
SMITH,that great master of wit, and terror of noodles ; but singularly applicable
to the present occasion.
  "We have been thus particular in stating the case, that we may make a n answer to those profligate
persoas u,ho are always ready to fling a n air of ridicule upon the labours of humanity, because they a10
desirous that what they have'not the virtue to do themselves, should appear to be foolish and romantic
when done by others. A still higher degree of depravity than this, is to want every sort of ~umpassion
foi h u ~ u a umisery, when i t is accompanied by filth, poverty, and ignorance. To regulate humanity by
the income tax, and to deem the bodily wretchedness and the dirty tears of the poor, a fit subject for
pleasantry and contempt. We should have been loth to believe that such deep-seated and disgusting
immorality existed in these days ; hut the notice of it is forced upon us."
                  TERUCE, march, 1850.
         DEVONSHIRE

       LONDON : PUBLISHED BY CHAPMAN & HALL, 186, STRAND.
