              THE PERSON&       HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   Then I playfully tried verbal instruction in domestic matters, as we
 walked about on a Saturday afternoon. Sometimes, for example, when
we passed a butcher's shop, I would say:
   " Now suppose, my pet, that we were married, and you were going to

buy a shoulder of mutton for dinner, would you know how to buy i t ? "
   My pretty little Dora's face would fall, and she would make her mouth
into a bud again, as if she would very much prefer to shut mine with
a kiss.
   " Would you know how to buy it, my darling?" I would repeat,
perhaps, if I were very inflexible.
   Dora would think a little, and then reply, perhaps, with great triumph :
   " Why, the butcher would know how to sell it, and what need I know?

Oh, you silly boy! "
   So, when I once asked Dora, with an eye to the cookery-book, what she
would do, if we were married, and I were to say I should like a nice Irish
stew, she replied that she would tell the servant to make i t ; and then
clapped her little hands together across my arm, and laughed in such a
charming manner that she was more delightful than ever.
   Consequently, the principal use to which the cookery-book was
devoted, was being put down in the corner for Jip to stand upon. But
Dora was so pleased, when she had trained him to stand upon it without
offering to come oE, and at the same time to hold the pencil case in his
mouth, that I was very glad I had bought it.
   And we fell back on the guitar-case, and the flower-painting, and the songs
about never leaving off dancing, Ta ra la ! and were as happy as the week
was long. I occasionally wished I could venture to hint to Miss Lavinia,
that she treated the darling of my heart a little too much like a plaything ;
and I sometimes awoke, as it were, wondering to find that I had fallen into
the general fault, and treated her like a plaything too-but not often.




                          CHAPTER SLII.
                                DfISCHIEF.

   I FEEL as if it were not for me to record, even though this manuscript
is intended for no eyes but mine, how hard I worked at that tremendous
short-hand, and all improvement appertaining to it, in my sense of
responsibility to Dora and her aunts. I will only add, to what I have
already written of my perseverance at this time of my life, and of a
patient and continuous energy which then began to be matured within
me, and which I know to be the strong part of my character, if it have
any strength at all, that there, on looking back, I find the source of my
success. I have been very fortunate in worldly matters; many men have
worked much harder, and not succeeded half so well; but I never could
have done what I have done, without the habits of punetualily, order, and
diligence, without the determination to concentrate myself on one object
at a time, no matter how quickly its successor should come upon its heels,
which I then formed. Heaven knows I write this, in no spirit of self-
