                           OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                               319
  I n the midst of the silence of death, I read thus, from a blotted letter.
   "6 When you, who love me so much better than I ever have deserved, even

  when my mind was innocent, see this, I shall be far away.' "

  ' r I shall be fur away," he repeated slo~vljr. " Stop ! Em'ly fur away.
TLTell! "
     When I leave my dear home-my         dear home-oh,    my dear home !-in    the
  morning;'

the letter bore date on the previous night:
    '-it   will be never to come back, unless he brings me back a lady. This will
  be found at night, many hours after, instead of me. Oh, if you knew how my
  heart is torn. If even you, that I have wronged so much, that never can forgive
  me, could only know what I suffer! I am too wicked to write about myself.
  Oh, take comfort in thinking that I a m so bad. Oh, for mercy's sake, tell uncle
  that I never loved him half so dear as now. Oh, don't remember how atiectionate
  and kind you have all been to me-don't     remember we were ever to be married
  -but try to think as if I died when I was little, and was buried somewhere. Pray
  Heaven that I a m going away fi-om, have compassion on my uncle ! Tell him
  that I never loved him half so dear. Be his comfort. Love some good girl, that
  will be what I was once to uncle, and be true to you, and worthy of you, and know
  no shame but me. God bless all ! I 1' 1 pray for all, often, on my knees. If he
  don't bring me back a lady, and I don't pray for my own self, I 1' 1 pray for all.
  My parting love to uncle. My last tears, and m y last thanks, for uncle !' "

   That was all.
   H e stood, long after I had ceased to read, still looking at me. At
length I ventured to take his hand, and to entreat him, as well as I could,
to endeavour to get some command of himself. H e replied, " I thankee,
sir, I thankee ! " without moving.
   Ham spoke to him. Mr. Peggotty was so far sensible of his affliction,
that he wrung his hand; bat, otherwise, he remained in the same state,
and no one dared to disturb him.
   Slowly, at last, he moved his eyes from my face, as if he were waking
from a vision, and cast them round the room. Then he said, in a low
voice :
   " Who 's the man?     I want to know his name."
   Ham glanced at me, and suddenly I felt a shock that struck me back.
    " There 's a man suspected," said Mr. Peggotty.  "Who is it ? "
   " &1asyrDavy ! " implored Ham. " Go out a bit, and let me tell him
what I must. You doen't ought to hear it, sir."
   I felt the shock again. I sank down in a chair, and tried to utter some
reply; but my tongue was fettered, and my sight was weak.
   " I want to know his name ! " I heard said, once more.

   " For some time past," Ham faltered, "there's been a servant about
here, at odd times. There's been a gen'lm'n too. Both of 'em belonged
to one another."
   Mr. Peggotty stood fixed as before, but now looking at him.
   "The servant," pursued Ham, "was seen along with-our poor girl-
last night. He's been in hiding about here, this week or over. He was
