                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

ously on each side of his niece's face, and kissing it a dozen times, laid it
with a gentle pride and love upon his broad chest, and patted it as if his
hand had been a lady's. Then he let her go; and as she ran into the
little chamber where I used to sleep, looked round upon us, quite hot
and out of breath with his uncommon satisfaction.
    " If you two gent'lmen-gent'lmen growed now, and such gent'lmen-"
said Mr. Peggotty.
    " SO th 'are, so th 'are ! " cried Ham. "Well said ! So th 'are. Mas'r
Davy bor-gent'lmen growed-so th'are ! "
    " If you two gent'lmen, gent'lmen growed," said Mr. Peggotty, "don't

ex-cuse me for being in a state of mind, when you understand matters,
I'll arks your pardon. Em'ly, my dear !-She knows I 'm a going to tell,"
here his delight broke out again, " and has made off. Would you be so
good as look arter her, Mawther, for a minute ? "
    Mrs. Gummidge nodded and disappeared.
    " If this ain't," said Mr. Peggotty, sitting down among us by the fire,
" the brightest night o' my life, I ' m a shellfish-biled too-and more I
can't say. This here little Em'ly, sir," in a low voice to Steerforth, 'r -her
as you see a blushing here just now-"
    Steerforth only nodded ; but with such a pleased expression of interest,
and of participation in Mr. Peggotty's feelings, that the latter answered
him as if he had spoken.
    " To be sure," said Mr. Peggotty. " That's her, and so she is.
Thankee, sir."
    Ham nodded to me several times, as if he would have said so too.
    " This here little Em'ly of ours," said Mr. Peggotty, "has been, in our
 house, what I suppose (I 'm a ignorant man, but that's my belief) no one
 but a little bright-eyed creetur calz be in a house. She ain't my child; I
 never had one; but I couldn't love her more. You understand ! I
 couldn't do it ! "
     " I quite understand," said Steerforth.

    "I know you do, sir," returned Mr. Peggotty, " and thankee again.
 Mas'r Davy, he can remember what she was ; you may judge for your
 own self what she is ; but neither of you can't fully know what she has
 been, is, and will be, to my loving art. I am rough, sir," said Mr. Peg-
 gotty, " I am as rough as a Sea Porkypine ; but no one, unless, mayhap,
 it is a woman, can know, I think, what our little Em'ly is to me. And
 betwixt ourselves," sinking his voice lower yet, "that woman's name
 ain't Missis Gummidge neither, though she has a world of merits."
     Mr. Peggotty ruffled his hair again with both hands, as a further pre-
 paration for what he was going to say, and went on with a hand upon
 each of his knees.
     "There was a certain person as had know'd our Em'ly, from the time
 when her father was drownded; as had seen her constant; when a babby,
 when a young gal, when a woman. Not much of a person to look at, he
 warn't," said Mr. Peggotty, "something o' my own build-rough-a
 good deal oJ the sou'-wester in him-wery salt-but, on the whole, a
 honest sort of a chap, with his art in the right place."
     I thought I had never seen Ham grin to anything like the extent to
 which he sat grinning at us now.
     "What does this here blessed tarpaulin go and do," said Mr. Peggotty,
