                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                             CHAPTER XVI.
            I AM A NEW BOY I N MORE SENSES THAN ONP;.

   NEXTmorning, after breakfast, I entered on school life again. I went,
accompanied by Mr. Wickfield, to the scene of my future studies-a grave
building in a court-yard, with a learned air about it that seemed very well
suited to the stray rooks and jackdaws who came down from the Cathedral
towers to walk with a clerkly bearing on the grass-plot-and was intro-
duced to my new master, Doctor Strong.
   Doctor Strong looked almost as rusty, to my thinking, as the tall iron
rails and gates outside the house; and almost as stiff and heavy as the great
stone urns that flanked them,and were set up, on the top of the red-brick wall,
at regular distances all round the court, like sublimated skittles, for Time
to play at. He was in his library (I mean Doctor Strong was), with his
clothes not particularly well brushed, and his hair not particularly well
combed ; his knee-smalls unbraced ; his long black gaiters unbuttoned ; and
his shoes yawning like two caverns on the hearth-rug. Turning upon me
a lustreless eye, that reminded me of a long-forgotten blind old horse who
once used to crop the grass, and tumble over the graves, in Blunderstone
churchyard, he said he was glad to see me: and then he gave me his
hand; which I didn't know what to do with, as it did nothing for itself.
   But, sitting at work, not far off from Doctor Strong, was a very
pretty young lady-whom he called Annie, and who was his daughter,
I supposed-who got me out of my difficulty by kneeling down to
put Doctor Strong's shoes on, and button his gaiters, which she did
with great cheerfulness and quickness. When she had finished, and
we were going out to the school-room, I was much surprised to hear Mr.
Wickfield, in bidding her good morning, address her as "Mrs. Strong; "
and I was wondering could she be Doctor Strong's son's wife, or could
she be Mrs. Doctor Strong, when Doctor Strong himself unconsciously
enlightened me.
   "By the bye, Wickfield," he said, stopping in a passage with his hand
on my shoulder ; "you have not found any suitable provision for my wife's
cousin yet?"
   " No," said Mr. Wickfield. " No. Not yet."
   " I could wish it done as soon as it can be done, Wickfield," said
Doctor Strong, " for Jack Maldon is needy, and idle ; and of those two bad
things, worse things sometimes come. What does Doctor Watts say,"
he added, looking at me, and moving his head to the time of his quota-
tion, " ' Satan finds some mischief still, for idle hands to do.' "
    " Egad, doctor," returned Mr. Wickfield, " if Doctor Watts knew man-

 kind, he might have written, with as much truth, ' Satan finds some mis-
 chief still, for busy hands to do.' The busy people achieve their full
 share of mischief in the world, you may rely upon it. What have the
 people been about, who have been the busiest in getting money, and in
 getting power, this century or two ? No mischief? "
                                                                 M
