.J   2        THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

all night-for I had left my cakes behind, at the hotel, in my hurry. My
apprehensions were realised. When we stopped for supper I couldn't
muster courage to take any, though I should have liked it very much, but
sat by the fire and said I didn't want anything. This did not save me
from more jokes, either ; for a husky-voiced gentleman with a rough face,
who had been eating out of a sandwich-box nearly all the way, except
when he had been drinking out of a bottle, said I was like a boa
constrictor who took enough at one meal to last him a long time ; after
which, he actually brought a rash out upon himself with boiled beef.
    We had started from Yarmouth at three o'clock in the afternoon, and
we were due in London about eight next morning. I t was Midsummer
weather, and the evening was very pleasant. When we passed through a
village, I pictured to myself what the insides of the houses were like, and
what the inhabitants were about; and when boys came running after us,
and got up behind and swung there for a little way, I wondered whether
their fathers were alive, and whether they were happy at home. I had plenty
to think of, therefore, besides my mind running continually on the kind of
place I was going to-which was an awful speculation. Sometimes,I remem-
ber, I resigned myself to thoughts of home and Peggotty ; and to endeavour-
ing, in a confused blind way, to recall how I had felt, and what sort of boy
I used to be, before I bit Mr. Murdstone : which I couldn't satisfy myself
about by any means, I seemed to have bitten him in such a remote antiquity.
    The night was not so pleasant as the evening, for it got chilly; and
being put between two gentlemen (the rough-faced one and another) to
 prevent my tumbling off the coach, I was nearly smothered by their
 falling asleep, and completely blocking me up. They squeezed me so hard
 sometimes, that I could not help crying out, " Oh ! If you please ! "
 -which they didn't like at all, because it woke them. Opposite me was
 an elderly lady in a great fur cloak, who looked in the dark more like a
 haystack than a lady, she was wrapped up to such a degree. This lady
 had a basket with her, and she hadn't known what to do with it, for a
 long time, until she found that on account of my legs being short, it could
 go underneath me. I t cramped and hurt me so, that it made me per-
 fectly miserable ; but if I moved in the least, and made a glass that was
 in the basket rattle against something else (as it was sure to do), she gave
 me the cruellest poke with her foot, and said, '&lt; Come, don't you fidget.
 Yow bones are young enough, I ' m sure! "
    At last the sun rose, and then my companions seemed to sleep easier.
 The difficulties under which they had laboured all night, and which had
 found utterance in the most terrific gasps and snorts, are not to be con-
 ceived. As the sun got higher, their sleep became lighter, and so they
 gradually one by one awoke. I recollect being very much surprised by
 the feint everybody made, then, of not having been to sleep at all, and by
 the uncommon indignation with which every one repelled the charge. I
 labor under the same kind of astonishment to this day, having invariably
 observed that of all human weaknesses, the one to which our common
 nature is the least disposed to confess (I cannot imagine why) is the
 weakness of having gone to sleep in a coach.
    What an amazing place London was to me when I saw it in the distance,
 and how I believed all the adventures of all my favorite heroes to be
  constantly enacting and re-enacting there, and how I vaguely made it out
