                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

a better word to express an eye that has no depth i n it to be looked into-
which, when it is abstracted, seems from some peculiarity of light to be dis-
figured, for a moment at a time, by a cast. Several times when I glanced
at him, I observed that appearance with a sort of awe, and wondered what
he was thinking about so closely. His hair and whiskers were blacker
and thicker, looked at so near, than even I had given them credit for
being. A squareness about the lower part of his face, and the dotted
indication of the strong black beard he shaved close every day, reminded me
of the wax-work that had travelled into our neighbourhood some half-a-
year before. This, his regular eyebrows, and the rich white, and black,
and brown, of his complexion- confound his complexion, and his
memory !-made        me think him, in spite of my misgivings, a very
handsome man. I have no doubt that my poor dear mother thought
him so too.
    We went to an hotel by the sea, where two gentlemen were smoking
cigars in a room by themselves. Each of them was lying on at least four
chairs, and had a large rough jacket on. I n a corner was a heap of coats
and boat-cloaks, and a flag, all bundled up together.
    They both rolled on to their feet in an untidy sort of manner when
we came in, and said " Halloa, Murdstone! We thought you were
 dead ! "
    "Not yet," said Mr. Murdstone.
    " And who's this shaver? " said one of the gentlemen, taking hold
of me.
    " That's Davy," returned Mr. Murdstone.

    " Davy who ? " said the gentleman.     " Jones ? "

    " Copperfield," said Mr. Murdstone.

    " What ! Bewitching Mrs. Copperfield's incumbrance ? " cried the
 gentleman. " The pretty little widow ? "
     " Quinion," said Mr. Murdstone, " take care, if you please. Somebody's
 sharp."
     " Who is ? " asked the gentleman, laughing.
    I looked up, quickly; being curious to know.
    " Only Brooks of Sheffield," said Mr. Murdstone.
    I was quite relieved to find it was only Brooks of Sheffield; for, as
 first, I really thought it was I.
    There seemed to be something very comical in the reputation of
 Mr. Brooks of Sheffield, for both the gentlemen laughed heartily when he
 was mentioned, and Mr. Murdstone was a good deal amused also. After
 some laughing, the gentleman whom he had called Quinion, said :
     "And what is the opinion of Brooks of Sheffield, in reference to the
 projected business ? "
     " Why, I don't know that Brooks understands much about it at pre-

 sent," replied Mr. AEnrdstone; "but he is not generally favourable, I
 believe."
     There was more laughter at this, and Mr. Quinion said he would ring
 the bell for some sherry in which to drink to Brooks. This he did;
 and when the wine came, he made me have a little, with a biscuit, an$
 before I drank it, stand up and say "Confusion to Brooks of Sheffield !
                                      C
