                                                ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                          11
 --


          HEW C L A S S I C A L D I C T I O N A R I E S ,
                                                   NOW READY.


    DICTIONARY OF GREEK AND ROMAN BIOGRAPHY
                 AND MYTHOLOGY,
                                                  BY   VARIOUS WRITERS.

                            EDITED
                                 BY DR. WILLIAM SMITH.
                         Complete in Three Volumes medium Svo, f 5 15s. 6d. cloth lettered.
   "The book i s condensed well-digested, well-proportioned, and, considering the extent of subject wonderfully
complete. There is nothin; superfluous either in matter or style. There was too much to be said,'and too little
space to put i t in, to allow the privilege of diffuseness t o a n y of the writers. The hook is the reverse of pedanticsl or
merely scholastic i n its tone, and is in fact designed for every class of readers. Whether the school-boy seeks his
first acquaintance with its historicaiand mithic personages, or the student desires larger views to correct his first
impressions, or the man of more mature years would recall the knowledge of his youth to obtain examples and com-
parisons for the business of life, the Dictionary will be acceptable to all. W e can imagine no one from whom it does
not challenge eager welcome."-Examiner.

 DICTIONARY OF GREEK AND ROMAN ANTIQUITIES.
                                                  BY   VARIOUS WRITERS.

                            EDITEDBY DR. WILLIAM SMITH.
Second Edition.      Revised throughout, with very numerous Additions and Alterations. One thick volume 8v0,
                                   with several hundred Engravings on Wood. &2 2s.
   "Great improvements have been made in this work since the first edition. Many of the most important articles
have been re-written, several omitted subjects supplied, and the whole subjected to thorough revision. Beside addi-
tional illustrations, the present volume contains more than three hundred pages of new matter."-Examiner.

                *** The Articles in the two Works have been contributed by the following writers :-
ALEXANDER ALLEN, Ph. D.                                     GEORGE LONG, M.A., late Fellow of Trinity College
CHARLES THOMAS ARNOLD, M.A., one of the                          Cambridge.
    Masters in Rugby School.                               J O H N SMITH MANSFIELD, M.A., Fellow of Trinity
CH. A, BRANDIS, Professor in the University of Bonn.             College, Cambridge.
E. H. BUNBURY, M.A.,late Fellow of Trinity College,        CHARLES P E T E R MASON, B.A., Fellow of Univer-
    Cambridge.                                                   sity College, London.
ARTHUR HUGH CLOUGH, M.A., Fellow of Oriel                  J O S E P H CARLOW MEANS.
    College, Oxford.                                        H E N R Y HART MILMAN, M.A., Prebendary of St.
GEORGE EDWARD LYNCH COTTON M.A.. Fel-                            Peter's, Westminster.
    low of Trinity College Cambridge, 'one of the          AUGUSTUS D E MORGAN, Professor of Mathematics
    Masters in Rugby ~chooi.                                     in University College, London.
SAMUEL DAVIDSON, LL.D.                                     WILLIAM PLATE, LL.D.
WILLIAM FISHBURN D O N K I N M.A., Savilian                 C. E. PRICHARD, B.A., Fellow of Baliol College,
    Professor of Astronomy in the Uni;ersity of Oxford.           Oxford.
WILLIAM BODHAM DONNE.                                      ANTHONY RICH, Jun., B.A., lateof Caius College,
THOMAS DYER.                                                     Cambridge.
EDWARD ELDER, M.A., Head Master of Durham                   P H I L I P SMITH, B.A.
    School.                                                 LEONHARD SCHMITZ Ph. D F.R.S.E., Rector of
WILLIAM ALEXANDER GREENHILL, M.D., Tri-                          the High School of ~ d i n b u r S 6 .
    nity College, Oxford.                                  WILLIAM SMITH, LL.D. (Editor).
JOHN T. GRAVES, M.A F . R . ~                              ARTHUR P. STANLEY, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of
W. M. GUNN, one of the'blasters of the High School                University College, Oxford.
        Edinburgh.                                          WILLIAM RAMSAY, M.A., Professor of Humanity
WILLIAM HINE, p h . ~ . ,University of Bonn.                      in the University of Glasgow.
BENJAMIN JOWETT, M.A., Fellow and Tutor of                  ADOLF STAHR, Professor in the Gymnasium of
     Baliol College, oxford.                                      Oldenburgh.
CHARLES RANN KENNEDY, M.A., late Fellow of                  LUDWIG URLICHS, Professor i n the University of
     Trinity College, Cambridge.                                  Bonn.
THOMAS HEWITT KEY M.A., Professor of Com-                   ROBERT WHISTON, Y.A., Fellow of Trinity
     parative Grammar in Uiiversity College, London.             College, Cambridge.
HENRY GEORGE LIDDELL, Head Master of West-                  RALPH NICHOLSON WORNUM, Esq.
    minster School.                                        JAMES YATES, M.A., F.R.S.



                  A SC'HOOL DICTIONARY OF ANTIQUITIES ;
      SELECTED AND ABRIDGED FROM THE "DICTIONARY                      OF GREEK AND ROMAN ANTIQUITIES."
                                 BY WILLIAM SMITH, LL.D.
                                      One small volume, 200 Woodcuts.        106. 6d.
   "This abridgment of the larger "Dictionary of Greek and Roman Antiquities," undertaken, by-the-bye, a t the
suggestion of the head master of one of our great public schools, admirably supplies a long-felt want, especially in
classical tuition-that of a singlevolume, of portable size, exhibiting in an alphabetical form the resultsof the labours
of modern scholars in both Greek and Roman Antiquity."-English          Journal of Education.

London : TAYLOR, WALTON, & MABERLI', 28, Upper Gower Street, and 27, Ivy Lane, Paternoster Row:
                          and J O H N MURRAY, Alhemarle Street.
