                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   All I know of the rest of the evening is, that I heard the empress of
my heart sing enchanted ballads in the French language, generally to the
effect that, whatever was the matter, we ought always to dance, Ta ra la,
Ta ra la! accompanying herself on a glorified instrument, resembling a
guitar. That I was lost in blissful delirium. That I refused refresh-
ment. That my soul recoiled from punch particularly. That when
Miss Murdstone took her into custody and led her away, she smiled and
gave me her delicious hand. That I caught a view of myself in a mirror,
looking perfectly imbecile and idiotic. That I retired to bed in a most
maudlin state of mind, and got up in a crisis of feeble infatuation.
    It was a fine morning, and early, and I thought I would go and take a
stroll down one of those wire-arched walks, and indulge my passion by
dwelling on her image. On my way through the hall, I encountered her
little dog, who was called Jip-short        for Gipsy. I approached him
tenderly, for I loved even him; but he showed his whole set of teeth,
got under a chair expressly to snarl, and wouldn't hear of the least
familiarity.
    The garden was cool and solitary. I walked about, wondering what
my feelings of happiness would be, if I could ever become engaged to this
dear wonder. As to marriage, and fortune, and all that, I believe I was
almost as innocently undesigning then, as when I loved little Em'ly. To
be allowed to call her "Dora," to write to her, to dote upon and worship
her, to have reason to think that when she was with other people she was
yet mindful of me, seemed to me the summit of human ambition-I am
sure it was the summit of mine. There is no doubt whatever that I was
 a lackadaisical young spooney; but there was a purity of heart in all this
still, that prevents my having quite a contemptuous recollection of it, let
me laugh as I may.
    I had not been walking long, when I turned a corner, and met her. I
 tingle again from head to foot as my recollection turns that corner, and
 my pen shakes in my hand.
     " You-are-out    early, Miss Spenlow," said I.
     "It's so stupid at home," she replied, "and Miss Murdstone is so
 absurd ! She talks such nonsense about its being necessary for the day
 to be aired, before I come out. Aired ! " (She laughed, here, in the
most melodious manner). " On a Sunday morning, when I don't practise,
 I must do something. So I told papa last night I maat come out.
 Besides, it's the brightest time of the whole day. Don't you think so? "
     I hazarded a bold flight, and said (not without stammering) that it was
 very bright to me then, though it had been very dark to me a minute before.
     " Do you mean a compliment?" said Dora, " or that the weather has
 really changed?"
     I stammered worse than before, in replying that I meant no com-
 pliment, but the plain truth; though I was not aware of any change
 having taken place in the weather. I t was in the state of my own feelings,
 I added bashfully : to clench the explanation.
     I never saw such curls-how could I, for there never were such curls!-
 as those she shook out to hide her blushes. As to the straw hat and blue
 ribbons which was on the top of the curls, if I could only have hung it
 up in my room in Buckingham Street, what a priceless possession it
 would have been !
