                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

  " Certainly."
    " Well, then, I will ! " said the Old Soldier. "That's a bargain."
And having, I suppose, carried her point, she tapped the Doctor's hand
several times with her fan (which she kissed first), and returned
triumphantly to her former station.
    Some more company coming in, among whom were the two masters
and Adams, the talk became general; and it naturally turned on Mr.
Jack Maldon, and his voyage, and the country he was going to, and his
various plans and prospects. He was to leave that night, after supper,
in a postchaise, for Gravesend ; where the ship, in which he was to make
the voyage, lay; and was to be gone-unless he came home on leave, or
for his health-I don't know how many years. I recollect it was settled
by general consent that India was quite a misrepresented country, and
had nothing objectionable in it, but a tiger or two, and a little heat in the
warm part of the day. For my own part, I looked on Mr. Jack Maldon
as a modern Sinbad, and pictured him the bosom friend of all the Rajahs
in the east, sitting under canopies, smoking curly golden pipes-a mile
long, if they could be straightened out.
    Mrs. Strong was a very pretty singer : as I knew, who often heard her
singing by herself. But, whether she was afraid of singing before people,
or was out of voice that evening, it was certain that she couldn't sing at
all. She tried a duet, once, with her cousin Maldon, but could not so
much as begin ; and afterwards, when she tried to sing by herself, although
she began sweetly, her voice died away on a sudden, and left her quite
distressed, with her head hanging down over the keys. The good Doctor
said she was nervous, and, to relieve her, proposed a round game at cards ;
of which he knew as much as of the art of playing the trombone. But I
remarked that the Old Soldier took him into custody directly, for her
partner; and instructed him, as the first preliminary of initiation, to give
her all the silver he had in his pocket.
    We had a merry game, not made the less merry by the Doctor's
mistakes, of which he committed an innumerable quantity, in spite of the
watchfulness of the butterflies, and to their great aggravation. Mrs. Strong
had declined to play, on the ground of not feeling very well; and her
cousin Maldon had excused himself because he had some packing to do.
When he had done it, however, he returned, and they sat together, talking,
on the sofa. From time to time she came and looked over the Doctor's
hand, and told him what to play. She was very pale, as she bent over
him, and I thought her finger trembled as she pointed out the cards ; but
the Doctor was quite happy in her attention, and took no notice of this,
if it were so.
    At supper, we were hardly so gay. Every one appeared to feel that a
parting of that sort was an awkward thing, and that the nearer it
approached, the more awkward it was. Mr. Jack Maldon tried to be
very talkative, but was not at his ease, and made matters worse. And
they were not improved, as it appeared to me, by the Old Soldier: who
continually recalled passages of Mr. Jack Maldon's youth.
    The Doctor, however, who felt, I am sure, that he was making every-
body happy, was well pleased, and had no suspicion, but that we were all
at the utmost height of enjoyment.
    " Annie, my dear," said he, looking at his watch, and filling his
