402            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    Accordingly, I told Agnes about my declaration of poverty, about the
 cookery-book, the housekeeping accounts, and all the rest of it.
    " Oh, Trotwood ! " she remonstrated, with a smile. "Just your old
headlong way ! You might have been in earnest in striving to get on in
the world, without being so very sudden with a timid, loving, inexperienced
girl. Poor Dora ! "
    I never heard such sweet forbearing kindness expressed in avoice, as
 she expressed in making this reply. I t was as if I had seen her admir-
ingly and tenderly embracing Dora, and tacitly reproving me, by her con-
 siderate protection, for my hot haste in fluttering that little heart. I t was
as if I had seen Dora, in all her fascinating artlessness, caressing Agnes,
and thanking her, and coaxingly appealing against me, and loving me with
all her childish innocence.
    I felt so grateful to Agnes, and admired her so ! I saw those two
together, in a bright perspective, such well-associated friends, each adorning
the other so much !
    " What ought I to do then, Agnes ? " I inquired, after looking at the
fire a little while. "What would it be right to do?"
    " I think," said Agnes, " that the honourable course to take, would be

to write to those two ladies. Don't you think that any secret course is
an unworthy one ? "
    "Yes. If you think so," said I.
    " I am poorly qualified to judge of such matters," replied Agnes, with
 a modest hesitation, "but I certainly feel-in short, I feel that your
being secret and clandestine, is not being like yourself,"
    " Like myself, in the too high opinion you have of me, Agnes, I am
afraid," said I.
    "Like yourself in the candour of your nature," she returned; "and
therefore I would write to those two ladies. I would relate, as plainly
and as openly as possible, all that has taken place ; and I would ask their
permission to visit sometimes, at their house. Considering that you are
young, and striving for a place in life, I think it would be well to say that
you would readily abide by any conditions they might impose upon you.
I would entreat them not to dismiss your request, without a reference to
Dora ; and to discuss it with her when they should think the time suitable.
I would not be too vehement," said Agnes, gently, " or propose too much.
I would trust to my fidelity and perseverance-and to Dora."
   "But if they were to frighten Dora again, Agnes, by speaking to her,"
said I. " And if Dora were to cry, and say nothing about me ! "
   " I s that likely ? " inquired Agnes, with the same sweet consideration in
her face.
   " God bless her, she is as easily scared as a bird," said I. I t might
                                                                   '$

be ! Or if the two Miss Spenlows (elderly ladies of that sort are odd
characters sometimes) should not be likely persons to address in that
way ! "
   " I don't think, Trotwood," returned Agnes, raising her soft eyes to

mine, " I would consider that. Perhaps it would be better only to con-
sider whether it is right to do this; and, if it is, to do it."
   I had no longer any doubt on the subject. With a lightened heart,
though with a profound sense of the weighty importance of my task, I
