394            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

a grasping, avaricious wish to shut out everybody from her but myself,
and to be all in all to her, at that unseasonable time of all times.
   I n the trouble of this state of mind-not exclusively my own, I hope,
but known to others-I went down to Xorwood that night; and finding
from one of the servants, when I made my inquiries at the door, that
Miss Wills was there, got my aunt to direct a letter to her, which I wrote.
I deplored the untimely death of Mr. Spenlow most sincerely, and shed
tears in doing so. I entreated her to tell Dora, if Dora were in a state to
hear it, that he had spoken to me with the utmost kindness and con-
sideration; and had coupled nothing but tenderness, not a single or
reproachful word, with her name. I know I did this selfishly, to have
my name brought before her ; but I tried to believe it was an act of justice
to his memory. Perhaps I did believe it.
   My aunt received a few lines next day in reply; addressed, outside, to
her ; within, to me. Dora was overcome by grief; and when her friend
had asked her should she send her love to me, had only cried, as she was
always crying, " Oh, dear papa ! oh, poor papa! " But she had not said
No, and that I made the most of.
   Mr. Jorkins, who had been at Norwood since the occurrence, came to
the office a few days afterwards. He and Tiffey were closeted together
for some few moments, and then Tiffey looked out at the door and beckoned
me in.
   " Oh ! " said Mr. Jorkins.      " Mr. Tiffey and myself, Mr. Copperfield,
are about to examine the desk, the drawers, and other such repositories of the
deceased, with the view of sealing up his private papers, and searching
for a Will. There is no trace of any, elsewhere. I t may be as well for
you to assist us, if you please."
   I had been in agony to obtain some knowledge of the circumstances
in which my Dora would be placed-as, in whose guardianship, and
so forth-and this was something towards it, We began the search a t
once; Mr. Jorkins unlocking the drawers and desks, and we all taking
out the papers. The office-papers we placed on one side, and the private
papers (which were not numerous) on the other. We were very grave ;
and when we came to a stray seal, or pencil-case, or ring, or any little
article of that kind which we associated personally with him, we spoke
very low.
   We had sealed up several packets ; and were still going on dustily and
quietly, when Mr. Jorkins said to us, applying exactly the same words to
his late partner as his late partner had applied to him :
   " Mr. Spenlow was very difficult to move from the beaten track. You
know what he was ! I am disposed to think he had made no will."
   " Oh, I know he had ! " said I.
   They both stopped and looked at me.
   " On the very day when I last saw him," said I, "he told me that he
had, and that his affairs were long since settled."
   Mr. Jorkins and old Tiffey shook their heads with one accord.
   " That looks unpromising," said Tiffey.

   "Very unpromising," said Mr. Jorkins.
   " Surely you don't doubt-" I began.
   " My good Mr. Copperfield ! " said Tiffey, laying his hand upon my arm,
