                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.



               MESSRS. N I C O L L ' S W A R E R O O M S ,
       Through the purchase of adjoining premises, now extend over a space hitherto occupied by four
       large Establishments, viz., 114, 116, 118, and 120, REGENT STREET, thus forming, with their
       several suites of Show Rooms on the First Floor, not only the largest, but also the most elegant,
       Magazine for Gentlemen's Clothing to be met with in Europe.
          The Entrance to the WHOLESALE AND SHIPPING DEPAlETMENTS, for the sale
       of Woollen Cloths, &c., will, for the f~iture,be in Warwick-street, No.41 (immediately at the
       rear of the Retail Warerooms in Regentstreet), where the counting-house is also placed, and to
       which address all applications for agencies, &c., are referred, as also those who may desire inter-
      views with the Principals, or Heads of Departments ; but Manufacturers, or others, having
      novelties to submit to the above firm, are requested to make an appointment by writing.
         Those who are desirous of becoming Messrs. NICOLL'S Agents for the sale of their Patented
      and other Goods, in such towns of the United Kingdom or Colonies, where Messrs. N. are at
      present uurepresented, are informed that the Goods in question may be sold by them at the same
      price as they are retailed in Regent-street ; at the same time affording to the Agent a better
      profit than if attempts be made to copy, or otherwise pirate, the several articles.
         Merchants, Shippers, and others, will find the class of goods sold by Messrs. NICOLL
      peculiarly well adapted, through their excellence of quality and finish, for the wants of the now
      numerous respectable residents in the Colonies, as the Goods are such as are required by the
      wealthy and middle classes of the Mother Country. Indeed, a safer or niore profitable venture
      cannot be made by Shippers, seeing that the Market has been hitherto almost exclusively supplied
      with garments calculated, in material and appearance, for the use of labourers, &c., only.

      THE NlCOLL PALETOT, OR PATENT COAT,
      As also the original Invention, the REGISTERED PALETOT (6 and 7 Vic., Cap. 65), and
      NICOLL'S MORSING COAT, adapted for Spring and Summer Wear, and, notwithstanding all
      the recent Improvements, making these Garments not only the most Gentlemanly, but also the
      most durable and inexpensive articles of Dress extant, the prices for the above seasons will yet
      remain at ONE and TWO GUINEAS each.
                        114,116, 118,120, REGENT STREET, and 22, Cornhill.

                                114, R E G E N T S T R E E T .
        The above will, as heretofore, form the principal entrance to NICOLL'S PALETOT WARE-
      ROOMS, as also where Gentlemen are respectfully invited to inspect all the NOVELTIES, a s
      well as all the established articles of Costume, that capital can collect, or skill can form.

                                116, R E G E N T S T R E E T .
        Much ingenuity of design may be here witnessed in Embroidered and other materials intended
      for WAISTCOATS, in WEDDING, BALL, or MORNING WEAR, all moderate in cost.
        UNIFORMS, either DIPLOMATIC, NAVAL, or MILITARY, are produced at fair prices.
      Clever and efficient persons are employed by Messrs. NICOLL to attend to each department.

                                118, R E G E N T S T R E E T .
        ROBES, whether intended for the PEER, the CLERGYMAN, the BARRISTER, or YOUTH
      AT COLLEGE, may be here obtained at the same moderate scale of prices as have served t o
      distinguish NICOLL'S PALETOT.

11                              120, R E G E N T STREET,
 1    Forms a Department for YOUTH'S CLOTHING, which, hitherto, has not been contemplated a s
      an adjunct to Messrs. NICOLL'S Trade, but, increased space now affording the convenience, the
 1
 I
      same moderate prices and excellence will be here developed, as may be observed in the
      Paletot, &c.
        Parents and Guardians are respcctfully invited to inspect the cost of the COLLEGE CAP and
 1    GOWN, with all other Items necessary for the Universities, Public and Private Schools, &c.

 II                                     22, CORNHILL,
                               (OPPOSITE T H E ROYAL EXCHANGE.)


 I      This is the address of Messrs. NICOLL'S CITY ESTABLISHMENT, where the PALETOT,
      with Materials and skill, a$ in Regent-street, are submitted for inspection and use.
        Many of late have used the word "Paletot," but H. J. and D. NlCOLL are the Sole Proprietors


I
 I    and Patentees of both design and material.



                                  BRADBURY A N D EVANS, PRINTERS2 WHITEPRIARS.
