476            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

confidence to his mother, and to betray it to you, are two different actions.
I t is not probable, I consider, that Mr. James would encourage the receipt
of letters likely to increase low spirits and unpleasantness; but further
than that, sir, I should wish to avoid going."
    " I s that all? " enquired Miss Dartle of me.
    I indicated that I had nothing more to say. "Except," I added, as I
saw him moving off, "that I understand this fellow's part in the wicked
story, and that, as I shall make it known to the honest man who has been
her father from her childhood, I would recommend him to avoid going too
much into public."
    He had stopped the moment I began, and had listened with his usual
repose of manner.
    "Thank you, sir. But you'll excuse me if I say, sir, that there are
neither slaves nor slave-drivers in this country, and that people are not
allowed to take the law into their own hands. If they do, it is more to
their own peril, I believe, than to other people's. Consequently speaking,
I am not at all afraid of going wherever I may wish, sir."
    With that, he made me a polite bow ; and, with another to Miss Dartle,
went away through the arch in the wall of holly by which he had come.
Miss Dartle and I regarded each other for a little while in silence; her
manner being exactly what it was, when she had produced the man.
    " H e says besides," she observed, with a slow curling of her lip, "that
his master, as he hears, is coasting Spain ; and this done, is away to gratify
his seafaring tastes till he is weary. But that is of no interest to you.
Between these two proud persons, mother and son, there is a wider breach
than before, and little hope of its healing, for they are one at heart, and time
makes each more obstinate and imperious. Neither is this of any interest
to you ; but it introduces what I wish to say. This devil whom you make an
angel of, I mean this low girl whom he picked out of the tide-mud," with
her black eyes full upon me, and her passionate finger up, "may be alive,-
for I believe some common things are hard to die. If she is, you will desire
to have a pearl of such price found and taken care of. We desire that,
too; that he may not by any chance be made her prey again. So far, we
are united in one interest; and that is why I, who would do her any mis-
chief that so coarse a wretch is capable of feeling, have sent for you to
hear what you have heard."
    I saw, by the change in her face, that some one was advancing behind
me. I t was Mrs. Steerforth, who gave me her hand more coldly than
of yore, and with an augmentation of her former stateliness of manner;
but still, I perceived-and       I was touched by it-with an ineffaceable
remembrance of my old love for her son. She was greatly altered. Her
fine figure was far less upright, her handsome face was deeply marked,
and her hair was almost white. But when she sat down on the seat, she
was a handsome lady still; and well I knew the bright eye with its lofty
look, that had been a light in my very dreams at school.
    " I s Mr. Coppei-field informed of everything, Rosa ? "
    I r Yes."

    "And has he heard Littimer himself? "
    "Yes ; I have told him why you wished it."
