1%             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

having the velvet cushion with the tassels thrown down on his head.
 I n time my eyes gradually shut u p ; and, from seeming to hear the
 clergyman singing a drowsy song in the heat, I hear nothing, until I
 fall off the seat with a crash, and am taken out, more dead than alive,- by-
 Peggotty.
    And now I see the outside of our house, with the latticed bedroom-
windows standing open to let in the sweet-smelling air, and the ragged
 old rooksy-nests still dangling in the elm-trees at the bottom of the front
 garden. Now I am in the garden at the back, beyond the yard where the
 empty pigeon-house and dog-kennel are-a very preserve of butterflies, as
 I rcmember it, with a high fence, and a gate and padlock ; where the
fruit clusters on the trees, riper and richer than fruit has ever been since,
in any other garden, and where my mother gathers some in a basket,
while I stand by, bolting furtive gooseberries, and trying to lookunmoved.
A great wind rises, and the summer is gone in a moment. We are
playing in the winter twilight, dancing about the parlor. When my
mother is out of breath and rests herself in an elbow-chair, I watch her
winding her bright curls round her fingers, and straitening her waist, and
nobody knows better than I do that she likes to look so well, and is proud
of being so pretty.
    That is among my very earliest impressions. That, and a sense that
we were both a little afraid of Peggotty, and submitted ourselves in most
things to her direction, were among the first opinions-if they may be so
called-that I ever derived from what I saw.
    Peggotty and I were sitting one night by the parlor fire, alone. I
had been reading to Peggotty about crocodiles. I must have read
very perspicuously, or the poor soul must have been deeply interested, for I
remember she had a cloudy impression, after I had done, that they were a sort
of vegetable. I was tired of reading, and dead sleepy ; but having leave, as a
high treat, to sit up until my mother came home from spending the evening
at a neighbour's, I would rather have died upon my post (of course) than
have gone to bed. I had reached that stage of sleepiness when Peggotty
seemed to swell and grow immensely large. I propped my eyelids open
with my two forefingers, and looked perseveringly at her as she sat at
work; at the little bit of wax-candle she kept for her thread-how
old it looked, being so wrinkled in all directions !-at the little house with
a thatched roof, where the yard-measure lived; at her work-box with a
sliding lid, with a view of Saint Paul's Cathedral (with a pink dome) painted
on the top ; at the brass thimble on her finger; at herself, whom I
thought lovely. I felt so sleepy, that I knew if I lost sight of anything,
for a moment, I was gone.
    "Peggotty," says I, suddenly, "were you ever married?"
    " Lord, Master Davy," replied Peggotty. "What 's put marriage in
your head !"
    She answered with such a start, that it quite awoke me. And then she
stopped in her work, and looked at me, with her needle drawn out to its
thread's length.
    " But were you ever married, Peggotty ? " says I. " You are a very
handsome woman, an't you ?"
