380           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

few days so faint-hearted, that rather than encounter my aunt upon the
staircase, she would endeavour to hide her portly form behind doors-
leaving visible, however, a wide margin of flannel petticoat-or would
shrink into dark corners. This gave my aunt such unspeakable satisfac-
tion, that I believe she took a delight in prowling up and down, with her
bonnet insanely perched on the top of her head, at times when Mrs. Crupp
was likely to be in the way.
   My aunt, being uncommonly neat and ingenious, made so many little
improvements in our domestic arrangements, that I seemed to be richer
instead of poorer. Among the rest, she converted the pantry into a
dressing-room for me ; and purchased and embellished a bedstead for my
occupation, which looked as like a bookcase in the daytime, as a bedstead
could. I was the object of her constant solicitude; and my poor mother
herself could not have loved me better, or studied more how to make me
happy.
   Peggotty had considered herself highly privileged in being allowed to
participate in these labors ; and, although she still retained something of
her old sentiment of awe in reference to my aunt, had received so many
marks of encouragement and confidence, that they were the best friends
possible. But the time had now come (I am speaking of the Saturday
when I was to take tea at Miss Mills's) when it was necessary for her to
return home, and enter on the discharge of the duties she had undertaken
in behalf of Ham. "So good bye, Barkis," said my aunt, "and take care
of yourself! I am sure I never thought I could be sorry to lose you ! "
   I took Peggotty to the coach-office, and saw her off. She cried at
parting, and confided her brother to my friendship as Ham had done. We
had heard nothing of him since he went away, that sunny afternoon.
   'r And now, my own dear Davy," said Peggotty, "if, while you're a
prentice, you should want any money to spend; or if, when you're out of
your time, my dear, you should want any to set you up (and you must do
one or other, or both, my darling) ; who has such a good right to ask
leave to lend it you, as my sweet girl's own old stupid me ! "
   I was not so savagely independent as to say anything in reply, but that
if ever I borrowed money of anyone, I would borrow it of her. Next to
accepting a large sum on the spot, I believe this gave Peggotty more com-
fort than anything I could have done.
   "And, my dear ! " whispered Peggotty, "tell the pretty little angel
that I should so have liked to see her, only for a minute ! And tell her
that before she marries my boy, I'll come and make your house so beau-
tiful for you, if you '11 let me ! "
   I declared that nobody else should touch i t ; and this gave Peggotty
such delight that she went away in good spirits.
   I fatigued myself as much as I possibly could in the Commons all day,
by a variety of devices, and at the appointed time in the evening repaired
to Mr. Mills's street. Mr. Mills, who was a terrible fellow to fall asleep
after dinner, had not yet gone out, and there was no birdcage in the middle
window.
   He kept me waiting so long, that I fervently hoped the Club would fine
him for being late. At last he came out; and then I saw my own Dora
hang up the birdcage, and peep into the balcony to look for me, and run
 in again when she saw I was there, while Jip remained behind, to bark
