                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            201
   " I should think so," said the gentleman. "There ain't no sort of orse
that I ain't bred, and no sort of dorg. Orses and dorgs is some men's
fancy. They 're wittles and drink to me-lodging, wife, and children-
reading, writing, and 'rithmetic-snuff, tobacker, and sleep."
   "That ain't a sort of man to see sitting behind a coach-box, is it
though? " said William in my ear, as he handled the reins.
   I construed this remark into an indication of a wish that he should
have my place, so I blushingly offered to resign it.
   "Well, if you don't mind, sir," said William, " I think it would be
more correct."
   I have always considered this as the first fall I had in life. When I
booked my place at the coach-office, I had had "Box Seat" written
against the entry, and had given the book-keeper half-a-crown. I was
got up in a special great coat and shawl, expressly to do honor to that
distinguished eminence ; had glorified myself upon it a good deal ; and had
felt that I was a credit to the coach. And here, in the very first stage, I
was supplanted by a shabby man with a squint, who had no other merit
than smelling like a livery-stables, and being able to walk across me, more
like a fly than a human being, while the horses were at a canter !
   A distrust of myself, which has often beset me in life on small occasions,
when it would have been better away, was assuredly not stopped in its
growth by this little incident outside the Canterbury coach. I t was in
vain to take refuge in gruffness of speech. I spoke from the pit of my
stomach for the rest of the journey, but I felt completely extinguished,
and dreadfully young.
   It was curious and interesting, nevertheless, to be sitting up there, behind
 four horses : well educated, well dressed, and with plenty of money in my
 pocket: and to look out for the places where I had slept on my weary
journey. I had abundant occupation for my thoughts, in every conspicuous
landmark on the road. When I looked down at the trampers whom we
passed, and saw that well-remembered style of face turned up, I felt as if
the tinker's blackened hand were in the bosom of my shirt again. When
we clattered through the narrow street of Chatham, and I caught a
glimpse, in passing, of the lane where the old monster lived who had
bought my jacket, I stretched my neck eagerly to look for the place where
I had sat, in the sun and in the shade, waiting for my money. When we
came, at last, within a stage of London, and passed the veritable Salem
House where Mr. Creakle had laid about him with a heavy hand, I would
have given all I had, for lawful permission to get down and thrash him,
and let all the boys out like so many caged sparrows.
   We went to the Golden Cross at Charing Cross, then a mouldy sort of
establishment in a close neighbourhood. A waiter showed me into the
coffee-room ; and a chambermaid introduced me to my small bedchamber,
which smelt like a hackney-coach, and was shut up like a family vault. I
was still painfully conscious of my youth, for nobody stood in any awe of
me at all: the chambermaid being utterly indifferent to my opinions on
any subject, and the waiter being familiar with me, and offering advice to
my inexperience.
   " Well now," said the waiter, in a tone of confidence, " what would you

like for dinner ? Young gentlemen likes poultry in general, have a fowl !"
