                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           91
quantity of black materials, which were heaped upon the table, and little
bits and cuttings of which were littered all over the floor. There was a
good fire in the room, and a breathless smell of warm black crape-I did
not know what the smell was then, but I know now.
   The three young women, who appeared to be very industrious and com-
fortable, raised their heads to look at me, and then went on with their
work. Stitch, stitch, stitch. At the same time there came from a work-
shop across a little yard outside the window, a regular sound of hammering
that kept a kind of tune : Ra~--tat-tat, R~~--tat-tat,R~~--tat-tat,without
any variation.
   " Well ! " said my conductor to one of the three young women. " How
do you get on, Minnie ? "
   " We shall be ready by the trying-on time," she replied gaily, without
looking up. " Don't you be afraid, father."
   Mr. Omer took off his broad-brimmed hat, and sat down and panted.
H e was so fat that he was obliged
                                 - to pant some time before he could sag :
   '' That's right."
   " Father ! " said Minnie, playfully.   " What a porpoise you do grow ! "
   "Well, I don't know how it is, my dear," he replied, considering - about
it. " I am rather so."
   " Yon are such a comfortable man, you see," said Minnie. '(You take
things so easy."
   " No use taking 'em otherwise, my dear," said Mr. Omer.

   " No, indeed," returned his daughter. " %re are all pretty gay here,
thank Heaven ! Ain't we, father ? "
   " I hope so, my dear," said Mr. Omer.       " As I have got my breath
now, I think 1'11 measure this young scholar. Would you walk into the
shop, Master Copperfield ? "
   I preceded Mr. Omer, in compliance with his request; and after showing
me a roll of cloth which he said was extra super, and too good mourning
for anything short of parents, he took my various dimensions, and put
them down in a book. While he was recording them he called my atten-
tion to his stock in trade, and to certain fashions which he said had "just
come up," and to certain other fashions which he said had "just gone out."
   " And by that sort of thing we very often lose a little mint of money,"

said Mr. Omer. " But fashions are like human beings. They come in,
nobody knows when, why, or how ; and they go out, nobody knows when,
why, or how. Everything is like life, in my opinion, if you look at it in
that point of view."
   I was too sorrowful to discuss the question, which would possibly have
been beyond me under any circumstances; and Mr. Omer took me back
into the parlor, breathing with some difficulty on the way.
   H e then called down a little break-neck range of steps behind a
door : " Bring up that tea and bread-and-butter ! " which, after some
time, during which I sat looking about me and thinking, and listening
to the stitching in the room and the tune that was being hammered across
the yard, appeared on a tray, and turned out to be for me.
   " I have been acquainted with you," said Mr. Omer, after watching me
for some minntes, during which I had not made much impression on the
breakfast, for the black things destroyed my appetite, " I have been
acquainted with you a long time, my young friend."
