              BY HER MAJESTY'S ROYAL LETTERS PATENT.


                                                     THE PATENT

CORK FLOATING MATTRESS & BOAT CUSHION,
                                                                FOR

                  THE PRESERVATION OF LIFE ON THE WATER.

      THE FLOATING QUALITY,or buoyancy, of CORKis known by every body : it is needless to speak about it in
a Circular. The application of that quality in an available form at sea has never yet been achieved, and several
years of the Patentee's life have been spent in seeking the successful solution of that problem.
      Mattresses and Bolsters, Sofa-cushions, and Squabs, all articles of indispensable necessity in the cabin,
when stuffed with CORKFIBRE, in lieu of the ordinary material, BECOME LIFE-PRESERVERS in the hour of danger,
while they subserve all their usual purposes a t other times.
      The efficiency of these Life-preservers is indisputable as they form ARTICLES OF DAILY USE,ARE ALWAYS
AT HAND, and ready for service in the event of any cala&ity from accident, shipwreck, or fire, however sudden
that calamity may be, and whether by night or day. Moreover, THEY TAKE NO ADDITIONAL SPACE.
      The Mattresses and bedding do not depend upon a waterproof or any particular covering-nor upon the
exclusion of water-nor upon inflation by air-THE1~ BUOYANCY IS NOT IN THE SLIGHTEST DEGREE IMPAIRED
BY SATURATION, LEAKAGE, PERFORATION, OR DAMAGE OF ANY DESCRIPTION ; in fact, a Mattress torn in several
pieces will still float.
      Steam-boat and Ship-owners Yembers of Yacht Clubs, Passengers, Emigrants, all Innst be interested in
a n invention which laces humaniife beyond the risks incident to the sea.
     'Ihe l.:zrlona.vl.'i I~OI.LTRI&lt;   is earn~stlyr ? c o n n n ~ n d ~loJ f1.t nctire of tho'-e \\-hote means nrc too limitc(1 to
~mrsh:rsen nlnttress, H S it is I . I I P O ~ S I M L Eloss oi liir can h;ippen ut SVJ f10l11 \ \ r x l i or fire, if everj 1:migmnt
                                                  tGat
be provided with one of them.
      The loss of life, which i s constantly occurring on the rivers and lakes of England, from boat accidents, might
be wholly preventpd, by so simpb a n expedient as supplying all Boats afloat wcth Cushions stuffed with this
Cork jibre.
     But the advantages of the Cork Fibre are numerous for general application as: stuffing :-
   1st.-For cleanliness it is unsurpassed, as it affords no support for insect life.
   2nd.-It is a non-conductor of heat, and therefore eminently adapted for Invalids.
   3rd.-It is a non-absorbent. No moisture is retained, but all fluids instantly permeate.
   4th.-For India, and the Tropics generally, it is invaluable. Every one familiar with tropical grievances
        place foremost amongst them the ravages of the Moth and other insects of the like destructive habits.
        Reds, Sofas, Mattresses, Stools, Saddles, Horse-Collars, Carriage-linings-all perish in a comparatively
        short period of time before these devastating vermin. Cork is a natural repellent of insect life, as the
        oils which promote its development and sustenance are absent.
   5th.-Moreover, the best medical authorities agree that Cork possesses properties which are alike preventive
        and curative of certain affections to which the human frame is subject, such as rheumatism, cramp, &c.
        To any one acquainted with the customs peculiar to the Spanish Pen~nsula(the native soil of the Cork
        tree), the medical qualities of this hark are not unknown.
      For a11 these reasons the Patent Cork Fibre is peculiarly adapted for the Mattresses of Barracks, Unions,
Hospitals, Lunatic Asylums, Orphan Schools, and, indeed, for all Institutions where the first requisites are-
health and cleanliness.
      T o officers under canvas in campaign, the Cork Fibre Mattress will he invaluable, as it will preserve
them from the effects of sleeping upon damp bedding, to which they owe so much of their ill-health in
after life.
      The Floating Power of the Mattress in sustaining men in the water is daily exhibited at the Royal
Polytechnic Institution, Regent Street; and at the Company's Works, it may be tried by any applicant In a
bmiu appropriated to it, iilled with tepid water.
      Mattresses, Boat-Cushions, Fmigrants' BolsterB, and all other manufactured articles, may be obtained of
all respectable Upholsterers, Cabinet Makers, and Steam Boat Fitters.
      The Fibre can only be had a t the Company's Works, City Saw-Mills, Wenlock Basin, Regent's Canal,
City Road.
                                                                          T H E O . S H E A T H , SECRETARY.
    CAUTION.-No person should lash himself on to the top of the Mattress i n (he event of Shipwreck,. for,
being the heavier body, the wash of the waves would probably turn h i m underneath, and Vie extraordzna?y
buoyancy of the Cork would prevent h i m from ~ i g h t i n ghimself again.
                                                                                                    [Turn over.
