6                                                  ADVERTISEMENTS.

                 PERFECT HEALTH IS INVARIABLY RESTORED
without medicine, inconvenience, or expense, t o the most nervous, delicate, dyspeptic, constipated, bilious,
debilitated, or shattered constitution, by

DU BARRY'S DELICIOUS;WGAETB=RESPORING FOOD.
     T H E REVALENTAARABICAwhich saves fifty times its cost in other means of cure, and effectually removes
indigestion (dyspepsia), constipation and diarrhaea, nervousness, biliousness, liver complaint, flatulency, distension,
palpitation of the heart nervous headache, deafness, noises in the head and ears, pains in almost every part of t h e
body chronic inflammakion and ulceration of the stomach, erysipelas, eruptions on the skin, incipient consumption,
dropiy, rheumatism, gout, heartburn, nausea and sickness during pregnancy, after eating, or a t sea, low spirits,
spasms cramps spleen, general debility, paralysis, asthma, cough, inquietude, sleeplessness, involuntary blushing,
tremor; dislike'to society nnfitness for study, loss of memory delusions, blood to the head exhaustion melancholy,
groundfess fear, indecisio;, wretchedness, thoughts of self-distruction, and many other cAmplaints. i t is the best
food for infants and invalids generally, as i t never turns acid on the weakest stomach, nor interferes with a good
                                                                                                        -
liheral diet. hnt imnsrts a healthv relish for lunch and dinner. and restores t h e faculty- of digestion and muscular and
n & o n s ~ G h r i & &;most enfeebled.
     Discovered exclusively grown, and imported by Du BARRY& CO., 127, New Bond-street, London, sole owners
of the ~ e v a l e n i aArabica Estates, and of the Patent Machinery by whioh alone the curative principles of the Plant
 can be developed,-hence none other can be genuine.
          D U BARRY & CO., 127, N E W B O N D STREET, L O N D O N .
                                              A F E W O F 50,000 TESTIMONIALS.
  From the BightHonourable the Lord Stuart de Deeies.                     " Twenty years' dyspepsia, with the most distressing
    " I have derived much benefit from D n Barry's Health-             symptoms of flatulency, constipation, sickness a t t h e
 Restoring Food.                          STUARTDE D E C I ~ S .       stomach, acidity, and irritability, which had resisted all
       "Dromana, Cappoquin, county of Waterford.                       medicines, has bee11 entirely removed by Drr BARRY'S
    " Twenty-five years' nervousness, constipation, indi-              HEALTH-RESTORING            FOOD.
gestion, and debility, from which I had suffered great                                 "SAMUELBARLOW,Chemist, Darlington.'
misery, and which no medicine could remove or relieve,
have been effectually cured by Du BARRY'SHEALTH-                         "Devon Cottage, Bromley, Middlesex, March 31, 1849.
RESTORING     FOOD,in a very short time.                                  " GENTLEMEN,-The lady for lvhom I ordered your
       pool ~   ~       t ~ hi ~~ ~ ~~ ~    t W.~ ,R.    . "
                                                    ~ REEVES.          food     is six months advanced in pregnancy, and was
    " Sixty years' partial paralysis, affecting one-half of            suffering severely from indigestion and constipation,
my frame, and which had resisted all other remedies,                   throwillg      UP her meals shortly after eating them, having
has yielded t o        B A R R Y ~ SH    E    ~     L          ~ ; ~ a great
                                                          ~ FOOD          -      Kdeal~of heartburn,
                                                                                             ~    ~ and~ being
                                                                                                             ~    ~constantly
                                                                                                                       ~    ~ obliged t o
and I now consider myself a stranger to all complaints,                resort    to  physic or the enema, and sometimes t o both. I
excepting a hearty old age.                                            am happy t o inform you that your food produced imme-
                    'c w           ~ HUNT,~ ~ ~ ~, d ~ ~t ~ ~ ~. ~     diatet .~relief:
                                                                                  - ~ ~~she, has
                                                                                              ~ . never been sick since, has but little
   "King's College, Cambridge."                                        heartburn, and the functions aremore regular, &c.
   " Not expected to live six days longer, I was cured by                                                 " THOA~AS    WOODHOUSE."
D u BARRY'Sadmirable HEALTH-RESTORING                 FOOD.
                                                                                          " Lonisa-terrace, Exmouth, Aug. 17, 1849.
   " Moffat, Scotland."               MAGDALENA        PURVIS."
    'g ~ i ~ h t      dyspepsia, nervousness, debility with               "DEAR SIR,--J will thank you to send me, on receipt
                                                                       Of this* two ten-~onnd canisters Of your 'IEALTA-
cramps, spasms, and nausea, for which my servant had
consulted the advice of many,                   been                   RESTORINGFOOD.            I beg to a,ssnre you that its beneficial
removed by D,, B               ~I      ~I      ~~          ~ ~ in' ~effects
                                                        ~ FOOD,            ~ ~ have -been ~            E       ~ by,~ dear ~
                                                                                                duly appreciated              Sir, yours
                                                                                                                                     ~    ~   ~
a very short time. I shall be happy t o answer any                                              " THOMASKING, Major-General."
inquiries.                           Km. JOHN   \V. FLAYBT.L.
    " Ridlington Rectory, Norfolk."                                              " 3, Sydney-terrace, Reading, Berks, Dec. 3 , 1847.
    '' Three years' excessive nervousness, with pains in                   '' GENTLEMEN,-Iam happy to he able to inform you
my neck and left arm, and general debility which ren-                  that the person for whom the former quantity was pro-
dered my life very miserable, has been radiczhly removed               cured, has derived very great benefit from its use ; dis-
by Du BARRY'SHEALTH-RESTORING                 FOOD.                    tressing symptoms of long standing have been removed,
                                      ALEX. STUART,                    and a feeling of restored lledth induced. Having wit-
                          " Archdeacon of Ross, Skibbereen."           nessed the beneficial effects in the above-mentioned case,
    " I consider you a blessing to society a t large. I t is
                                                                  I    I c a n with confidence recommendit and shall have much
not to be told, all the benefit D n BARRY'SHEALTH- pleasure in so doing whenever ad opportunity offers,
 RESTORING    F o o n has been to m e ; and my little boy cries        &c. &C.-I am, gentlemen, very truly yours,
for a saucer of i t every morning.                                                 ' L J A ~ E  S
                                                                                              SHORLAND,    late Surgeon 96th Regt."
                                          WAI.TER KEATING.
                                                                                  " 22, High-street, Ayr, Scotland, Sept. 2nd, 1850.
                                                                           "GENTLEMEN,-I certainly must pay you the com-
                                                                        pliment of stating, that you have not said more in
 HEALTH-RESTORING          FOOD.                                       favour of your excellent FOOD         than it deserves.
     " Athol-street, Perth."                                         l                                                "A. U'ILSON."
       A full report of impoltant cures of the above complaints, and a copious extract from 50,000 testimonials from
 parties of the highest respectability, is sent gratis by Du BARRY85 Co., on application. Important Caution.-
 Numerous complaints have been received from invalids of their health having been fearfully impaired by spurious
 compounds of pease, beans, Indian and oat-meal, palmed off upon them under closely similar names, such as
 Ervalenta, Arabian Revalenta, Lentil powder, &C., Messns. Du BARRYhave taken the trouble of analysing all
 these compounds, and find them to be h,zrmless as food to the healthy, but utterly devoid of all curative principles,
 a n d being of a flatulent and irritating tendency, they are no better adapted to cure disease, than oil to quenching a
 conflagration. Nor can these imitative impostors show a single cure, whilst Du BARRY'SREVALENTA                          ARABICAhas
received the most flattering testimonials from 50,000 persons of high respectability; nor is it a n exaggeration to
ascribe to this extraordinary curative FOOD          ;a share in the great decrease of disease and mortality in the metropolis-
a decrease of 200 deaths per week. Sold in canisters, with full instructions, and bearing the seal and signature of Du
BARRY& CO., (without which none can be genuine,) weighing 1lh, a t 2s. 9d. ; 21bs. a t 4s. 6d. ; 5 Ibs. a t 11s.; 12lbs.
                                                   .
a t 22s. ; super-refined quality 1Olbs. at 33s 51bs. 322s.-Du BARRY&CO., 127, New Bondstreet, London; also
of Fortnum, Mason, and CO:, Purveyors to h e r Majesty the Queen ; Hedges and Butler ; Barclay ; Sterry. S t e r r ~ ,
and Co. ; Evans, Lescher, and Co. ; Edwards; Rumsey ; Sutton; Newhcrry; Sanger; Hannay ; and through all
respectable grocers, chemists, medicine vendors, and booksellers, i n the kingdom.
                           B U BARRY'S P U L M O N I C BONBONS,
    A nice, safe, and effectualremedy for coughs colds asthma, and all affections of the lungs, throat, and voice, are
of unrivalled excellency. I n boxes, 1s. lid., 2s. $d., 4 s : ~ d;. or, Post Free, 1s. 4d., 3s. 3d., 5s. 2d.
                      DU BARRY & CO,,127, NEW BOND STREET, LONDON,
