                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                           CHAPTER XXXII.
                 THE B E G I N N I N G O F A L O N e JOURNEY.

  WHATis natural in me, is natural in many other men, I infer, and so
I am not afraid to write that I never had loved Steerforth better than
when the ties that bound me to him were broken. I n the keen distress of
the discovery of his unworthiness, I thought more of all that was brilliant
in him, I softened more towards all that was good in him, I did more
justice to the qualities that might have made him a man of a noble nature
and a great name, than ever I had done in the height of my devotion to
him. Deeply as I felt my own unconscious part in his pollution of
an honest home, I believe that if I had been brought face to face with him,
I could not have uttered one reproach. I should have loved him so well
still-though he fascinated me no longer-I should have held in so much
tenderness the memory of my affection for him, that I think I should
have been as weak as a spirit-wounded child, in all but the entertainment
of a thought that we could ever be re-united. That thought I never had.
I felt, as he had felt, that all was at an end between us. What his
remembrances of me were, I have never known-they were light enough,
perhaps, and easily dismissed-but mine of him were as the remem-
brances of a cherished friend, who was dead.
     Yes, Steerforth, long removed from the scenes of this poor history ! My
sorrow may bear involuntary witness against you at the Judgment Throne;
but my angry thoughts or my reproaches never will, I know !
     The news of what had happened soon spread through the town; inso-
much that as I passed along the streets next morning, I overheard the
people speaking of it at their doors. Many were hard upon her, some
few were hard upon him, but towards her second father and her lover there
was but one sentiment. Among all kinds of people a respect for them in
their distress prevailed, which was full of gentleness and delicacy. The
seafaring men kept apart, when those two were seen early, walking with
 slow steps on the beach; and stood in knots, talking compassionately
 among tiiemselves.
     I t was on the beach, close down by the sea, that I found them. I t
 would have been easy to perceive that they had not slept all last night, even
 if Peggotty had failed to tell me of their still sitting just as I left them,
 when it was broad day. They looked worn; and I thought Mr. Peggotty's
 head was bowed in one night more than in all the years I had known
 him. But they were both as grave and steady as the sea itself: then
 lying beneath a dark sky, waveless-yet with a heavy roll upon it, as if
 it breathed in its rest-and touched, on the horizon, with a strip of silvery
  light from the unseen sun.
     "We have had a mort of talk, sir," said Mr. Peggotty to me, when we
                                                                 Y
