                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

     &lt;' She has borne the mark ever since, as you see," said Steerforth; "and
 she 1' 1 bear it to her grave, if she ever rests in one-though I can hardly
 believe she will ever rest anywhere. She was the motherless child of a
 sort of cousin of my father's. H e died one day. My mother, who was
 then a widow, brought her here to be company to her. She has a couple
 of thousand pounds of her own, and saves the interest of it every year, to
 add to the principal. There's the history of Miss Rosa Dartle for you."
     "And I have no doubt she loves you like a brother ? " said I.
     " Humph ! " retorted Steerforth, looking at the fire.     " Some brothers
 are not loved over much; and some love-but help yourself, Copperfield !
 We '11 drink the daisies of the field, in compliment to you ; and the lilies of
 the valley that toil not, neither do they spin, in compliment to me-the
 more shame for me !" A moody smile that had overspread his features
 cleared off as he said this merrily, and he was his own frank, winning self
 again.
     I could not help glancing at the scar with a painful interest when we
 went in to tea. I t was not long before I observed that it was the most
 susceptible part of her face, and that, when she turned pale, that mark
 altered first, and became a dull, lead-colored streak, lengthening out to its
 full extent, like a mark in invisible ink brought to the fire. There was a
 little altercation between her and Steerforth about a cast of the dice at
backgammon-when I thought her, for one moment, in a storm of rage;
 and then I saw it start forth like the old writing on the wall.
     I t was no matter of wonder to me to find Mrs. Steerforth devoted to her
 son. She seemed to be able to speak or think about nothing else. She
 showed me his picture as an infant, in a locket, with some of his baby-hair
in it ; she showed me his picture as he had been when I first knew him ;
 and she wore at her breast his picture as he was now. All the letters he
 had ever written to her, she kept in a cabinet near her own chair by the
fire; and she would have read me some of them, and I should have been
very glad to hear them too, if he had not interposed, and coaxed her out
of the design.
    " I t was at Mr. Creakle's, my son tells me, that you first became ac-
quainted," said Mrs. Steerforth, as she and I were talking at one table,
while they played backgammon at another. "Indeed, I recollect his
speaking, at that time, of a pupil younger than himself who had taken his
fancy there; but your name, as you may suppose, has not lived in my
memory ."
    " H e was very generous and noble to me in those days, I assure you,
ma'am," said I, " and I stood in need of such a friend. I should have
been quite crushed without him."
    " H e is always generous and noble," said Mrs. Steerforth, proudly.

    I subscribed to this with all my heart, God knows. She knew I did;
for the stateliness of her manner already abated towards me, except when
she spoke in praise of him, and then her air was always lofty.
    " I t was not a fit school generally for my son," said she; "far from it ;

but there were particular circumstances to be considered at the time, of
more importance even than that selection. My son's high spirit made it
desirable that he should be placed with some man who felt its superiority,
and would be content to bow himself before i t ; and we found such a
man there."
                                                                  T.
