336            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 business" in the Commons (and very light and lucrative the common-
 form business was), being settled, I took her down to the office one
 morning to pay her bill. Mr. Spenlow had stepped out, old Tiffey said,
 to get a gentleman sworn for a marriage license ; but as I knew he would
 be back directly, our place lying close to the Surrogate's, and to the Vicar-
 General's office too, I told Peggotty to wait.
    We were a little like undertakers, in the Commons, as regarded Probate
transactions ;generally making it a rule to look more or less cut up, when
we had to deal with clients in mourning. I n a similar feeling of delicacy,
we were always blithe and light-hearted with the license clients. There-
fore I hinted to Peggotty that she would find Mr. Spenlow much recovered
from the shock of Mr. Barkis's decease; and indeed he came in like a
bridegroom.
    But neither Peggotty nor I had eyes for him, when we saw, in company
with him, Mr. Murdstone. He was very little changed. His hair looked
as thick, and was certainly as black, as ever; and his glance was as little
to be trusted as of old.
    " Ah, Copperfield ? " said Mr. Spenlow. " You know this gentleman,
I believe ? "
    I made my gentleman a distant bow, and Peggotty barely recognised
him. He was, at first, somewhat disconcerted to meet us two together;
but quickly decided what to do, and came up to me.
    " I hope," he said, "that you are doing well? "

    " I t can hardly be interesting to you," said I. "Yes, if you wish to
know."
    We looked at each other, and he addressed himself to Peggotty.
    "And you," said he. " I am sorry to observe that you have lost your
husband."
    " It's not the first loss I have had in my life, Mr. Murdstone," replied
Peggotty, trembling from head to foot. " I am glad to hope that there
 is nobody to blame for this one,-nobody to answer for it."
    "Ha ! " said he; "that's a comfortable reflection. You have done
your duty ? "
    " I have not worn any body's life away," said Peggotty, " I am
thankful to think! No, Mr. Murdstone, I have not worrited and
frightened any sweet creetur to an early grave ! "
    H e eyed her gloomily-remorsefully I thought-for an instant; and
said, turning his head towards me, but looking at my feet instead of my
face :
    "We are not likely to encounter soon again ;-a source of satisfaction
to us both, no doubt, for such meetings as this can never be agreeable.
I do not expect that you, who always rebelled against my just authority,
exerted for your benefit and reformation, should owe me any good will
now. There is an antipathy between us-"
    " An old one, I believe? " said I, interrupting him.

    He smiled, and shot as evil a glance at me as could come from his dark
eyes.
    " I t rankled in your baby breast," he said.   " It embittered the life of
your poor mother. You are right. I hope you may do better, yet; I hope
you may correct yourself."
