304           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Steerforth in his room, I heard her dress rustle in the little gallery outside.
When he and I engaged in some of our old exercises on the lawn behind
the house, I saw her face pass from window to window, like a wandering
light, until it fixed itself in one, and watched us. When we all four went
out walking in the afternoon, she closed her thin hand on my arm like a
spring, to keep me back, while Steerforth and his mother went on out of
hearing : and then spoke to me.
    "You have been a long time," she said, "without coming here. I s
your profession really so engaging and interesting as to absorb your whole
attention? I ask because I always want to be informed, when I am
ignorant. I s it really, though ?
    I replied that I liked it well enough, but that I certainly could not claim
so much for it.
    '&lt; Oh ! I am glad to know that, because I always like to be put right
when I am wrong," said Rosa Dartle. " You mean it is a little dry,
perhaps ? "
    Well, I replied ; perhaps it was a little dry.
    " Oh ! and that's a reason why you want relief and change--excite-
ment, and all that ? " said she. "Ah ! very true ! But isn't it a little
-Eh         ?-for him; I don't mean you? "
    A quick glance of her eye towards the spot where Steerforth was walk-
ing, with his mother leaning on his arm, showed me whom she meant; but
beyond that, I was quite lost. And I looked so, I have no doubt.
     "Don't it-I don't say that it does, mind I want to know-don't             it
rather engross him? Don't it make him, perhaps, a little more remiss
than usual in his visits to his blindly doting-eh ? " With another
 quick glance at them, and such a glance at me as seemed to look into my
innermost thoughts.
     " Miss Dartle," I returned, "pray do not think-"
     " I don't ! " she said.     " Oh, dear me, don't suppose that I think any-

 thing ! I am not suspicious. I only ask a question. I don't state any
opinion. I want to found an opinion on what you tell me. Then, it's
not so ? Well ! I am very glad to know it."
     " I t certainly is not the fact," said I, perplexed, " that I am accountable

for Steerforth's having been away from home longer than usual-if he has
been : which I really don't know at this moment, unless I understand it
from you. I have not seen him this long while, until last night."
    "No?"
    " Indeed, Miss Dartle, no ! "
    As she looked full at me, I saw her face grow sharper and paler, and
the marks of the old wound lengthen out until it cut through the dis-
figured lip, and deep into the nether lip, and slanted down the face.
There was something positively awful to me in this, and in the brightness
 of her eyes, as she said, looking fixedly at me :
     " What is he doing? "

    I repeated the words, more to myself than her, being so amazed.
     "What is he doing ? " she said, with an eagerness that seemed enough
 to consume her like a fire. " I n what is that man assisting him, who
 never looks at me without an inscrutable falsehood in his eyes ? If you
 are honorable and faithful, I don't ask you to betray your friend. I ask
