                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                     5

                        N e w Works of Interest.
                                                   _t_

                N E W WORK B Y THE "OXFORD GRADUATE.
                             1% imperial 8v0, with Etching8 by       the Author,

THE SEVEN LAMPS OP ARCHITECTURE.
                                       BY J O H N RUSKIN,
                                          Author of "Modern Painters.''                             (Now ready.

        A GLANCE AT REVOLUTIONIZED ITALY.
                                 BY CHARLES MAC FARLANE,
                   Author of "Sports, Pastimes, and Recollections of the South of Italy."
                                              2 vols.post 8v0. 21s.
  "This is a work which the British public have long       peninsula than can be collected from all the volumi-
needed: the graphic and circumstantial report of an        nous speeches, pamphlets, reports and letters, with
eye-witness, intimately acquainted with the country;       which the press has been inundated."9-~uarter~y
and we cordially thank theauthor for his most useful       Review.
and seasonable revelations."-Mwning Chronicle.               “These volumes afford the fairest view yet given
  " These two amusing and unpretending volumes to the public of Italian affairs during the last eventful
give more insight into the present state of tile Italian   months."-Britannia.


                                              AU~TRIA.
                              BY EDWARD P. THOMPSON, ESQ.,
                                           Author of "Life in Russia."
                                               1 VOI. post 8YO. 12s.
  " We find in every page evidence of personal ac-            of the extent of the Austrian resources, with the cha
quaintance with his subject, and an honest desire to          racter and various races of the population."- Observ er
tell the truth without fear or favour."-Athe9lreunz.            "A useful volume for those who wish t o investigate
  " This volume placesbefore the reader a clear view          the condition of the Austrian empire."-Spectator.

                    THE         ADVENTURI~S                     OF THE FIRST
SETTLERS ON THE OREGON OR COLUMBIA RIVER.
                                          BY ALEXANDER ROSS.
                                 1 vol.post avo. Witha Map. 10s. 6d.cloth.
  "A more unpretending and sterling book-a book        modern literature, we have not for a long time met
more full of interesting matter, and more thoroughly   with."-Economist.
free from that flippancy which is the besetting sin of

                           THE E M I G R ~ N TFAMILY;
              OR, T H E STORY                  OF A N AUSTRALIAN SETTLER.
                                BY TEE AUTHOR     OF "SETTLERSA N D CONVICTS."
                                           3 vols. post avo. 31s. 6d.
   " This is what Milton called a real book-a      book    theiucidents arenatural and striking, there are many
calculated to afford solid information as well as lively   passages of great power and pathos, and the truth of
entertainment. The author's knowledge ofAustralian         the local colouring imparts a charm to the fiction."-
life is extensive and exact, and he has turned i t to      Atks.
profitable account. The whole scene and business of          "Intermixed with the story are many sketches of
the colony is placed before you breathing with life."      a settler's life, and the almost romantic incidents that
-Daily News.                                               frequently occur on the outskirts of the colony."-
   " The characters are drawn with great distinctness,     Spectator.


      LOFODEN; OR, THE "EXILES OF NORWAY.
                                             BY E. W. LANDOR,
                                Author of "The Bushman." 2 vols.post 8vo.
  .'The story of 'Lofoden' is simple and natural, and interest to 'Lofoden' beyond that of many books."
the work is one of the most interesting that has      Spectator.
recently been published."- Observer.                     " The author's account of the life passed by the
  "The wild and rugged character of the scenery, the  workers in the silver-mines of Norway discloses a
curiosity attendant upon Norwegian manners, and       picture of misery, privation, and tyranny, almost
the novelty of the characters and incidents, give an   beyond belief."-Morning Herald.


     THE RAILWAYS OF $HE UNITED KINGDOM
                          STATISTICALLY CONSIDERED.
                               BY HARRY SCRIVENOR,
           Secretary to the Liverpool Stock Exchange, and Author of "A History of the Iron Trade."
                                                  I vol. avo.                                   (Now ready.

                       LONDON : SMITH,ELDER, & CO., 65, CORNHILL.
