                               (From the Nottingham Review.)
   The first monthly part has made its appearance, and fully bears out its title as a
"friend " and "instructor," and is moreover extremely talented and interesting.
                                 (From the Plymouth Journal.)
   W e have seen a great deal of cheap literature of late, and its appearance has excited
our astonishment; but we have seen nothing equal to the pennyworth that is now before
us. I t is not only literary, but has a very large spice of that political information, which
will render it essentially welcome to working men, most of whom hold decided views,
and are friendly to those works that give utterance to them.
                         (From the North and South Shields Gazette.)
   Without hyperbole or humbug, this is the rarest Working Man's Friend we have met
with for many a day. W e say to all our readers-and especially to such as have families
-go and get a copy of it the first opportunity, and then if most of you do not become
regular subscribers, for your own sake, or for that of the young folks, we shall think our
taste is defective.
                                    (From the Norfolk News.)
   W e hail with pleasure every effort to enlighten the minds of the people, relative to their
rights and their duties, as members of social and political society ; but we give more
than ordinary welcome to this little serial, inasmuch as it is more adapted to the require-
ments of the day than any other of the class which we have yet seen. I t is cheap,
interesting, and instructive. The opening addresses alone are worth more than ten
times the cost of the whole. To every working man, ay, and to every man, we say:
" Take it regularly, read it regularly with an unprejudiced mind, and you will, if the
first and second numbers be a guarantee of its future career, be as regularly gratified with
its matter, and the spirit in which it is conducted."
                                    (From the Bath Journal.)
   Thirty-two pages of very close print, most of it original literature, of a very superior
sort, and the remainder selected with very great care and excellent judgment, all for one
penny. Nothing but an extraordinarily large circulation can repay the enterprising
publisher and proprietor. Here is food wholesome and strengthening, for a man's mind,
supplied at a cost trifling enough to be wonderful, and compared with which the price of
bread of life is monstrously high.
                                 (From the Darlington Times.)
   This is the first number of one of the cheapest periodicals which this age of cheap
literature has produced, and, moreover, one of the best. Mr. Cassell has l o n ~     appeared
in the van of many of the progressive movements of the day ; but we auestionyf &her of
the great movemekts in whi& he has been engaged is more calculaied to advance the
interests of the working classes than the publication of this little weekly. We have for a
mere nominal price thirty-two closely-printed octavo pages of sterling matter, embracing
the greatest possible variety of subjects, all of which blend interest and entertainment
with solid instruction and sound information.
                                  (From the Bristol Mercury.)
   W e can safely say that in the variety and literary merits of its contents, and its extreme
cheapness, it is one of the most remarkable publications of the class which have come
under our notice. If such a publication as thisdo not successfully appeal to the working
man, nothing of the sort can do so.
                                  (From the Liverpool AEion.)
   The cheapness of this publication, and the high morality inculcated throughout its
articles, cannot fail to elevate the minds of its readers.
                                (From the Liverpool Mercury.)
   This is a surprising pamphlet. Every man and woman ought to order one copy, at all
events, from a bookseller, and take it in as long as they find it worth the money to them
and their firesides. I t will be found worth much more, and will save money beside.
                               (From the Edinbur,gh Register.)
   The Editor thoroughly understands his business, and has produced a periodical in every
respect adapted for the fireside of the working man. Its lightness and liveliness are
excellent characteristics, and will be great recommendations to men coming home of an
evening from a hard day's work.
                                    (From the West Briton.)
   A new periodical of extreme cheapness, qublished weekly and in monthly parts, and
well calculated, by the amount of substantial information it contains, to diffuse knowledge
among the working classes.

  Printed and Published by JOHN CASSELL, 335, Strand, London, and Sold by all
Booksellers.
