                                                         Nu. XV1T.-SEPTEMBER, 1850.

COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
               -
                p




                p
                 -




                 p
                  ---




                                                            - - ----                     -

        T H E NEW SERIES OF ROYAL FEMALE BIOGRAPHIES.

                                 IN     THE      PRESS,


                           L I V E S

                                           AND




        CONNECTED WITH T H E REGAL SUCCESSION O F GREAT BRITAIN.

                                           BY

                  AGNES                 STRICKLAND,
                                    AUTHOR        OF
     Bib@$ at' t D c @nacom$ o f Enaglaonb,
                    "THE   TREASURES O F ANTIQUITY L A l D U P
                      I N OLD HISTORIC ROLLS I   OPENED."-B~'UU~O~~.


 OF the Queens of Scotland, generally, how little is known; and yet how important
were the parts they played in their day ! How prominently were they engaged in
many of the stormy scenes of civil broil, religious and political intrigue, which dis-
tracted Scotland during the reigns of the unfortunate Stuarts ! From the early-and
in many instances violent-deaths of the Scottish Kings causing almost every reign
to commence wit11 a long minority, during which the struggle for pourer lay between
the Queen Mother and the powerful Nobles of the realm, much of a deeply inte-
resting nature is connected with the narratives of their lives ;-the affection or
ambition of a Mother, a stranger in the land, striving for the guardianship of her
So11 and tho political power which it involved, against a turbulent Nobility, always
in search of their own aggrandisement, and contemptuous alike of foreign and
female domination. Events of such importance, and passions of such lasting inte-
rest to human natnre, are involved in the lives of thc Scottish Queens, that their
details can scarcely prove less interesting than those contained in the companion
Lives of this new school of Historical Biography originated by the Author of the
Lives of t71e Queem of England.
  This Series will be comprised in Six Volumes post 8v0, uniform in size with the
Lives of the Queens of Englaad, embellished with Portraits and Engraved Title-
pages.
  VOL. I. will be published early in OCTOBER,   containing the Lives of MARGARET
TUDOR,Queen of James IV.; MAGDALENE           OF FRANCE,  first Queen of James V. ;
MARYOF LORRAINE,      second Queen of James V., and Mother of Queen Mary.
                    Price 10s. 6d., handsomely hoofid in, cloth.
               Volume XI. will be published early in 1851.



WILLIAM BLACKWOOD AND SONS, EDINBURGH & LONDON.
