232            TEE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

be impudent ! But I give you my word and honor I was at Lady Mithers's
last week-there's      a woman! How she wears !-and Mithers himself
came into the room where I was waiting for her-tke 's a man ! How
Ae wears ! and his wig too, for he's had it these ten years-and he went
on at that rate in the complimentary line, that I began to think I should
be obliged to ring the bell. H a ! ha ! ha ! He 's a pleasant wretch, but
he wants principle."
    " What were you doing for Lady Mithers ?"       asked Steerforth.
    " That's tellings, my blessed infant," she retorted, tapping her nose

again, screwing up her face, and twinkling her eyes like an imp of super-
natural intelligence. " Never you mind ! You 'd like to know whether I
stop her hair from falling off, or dye it, or touch up her complexion, or
improve her eyebrows, wouldn't you? And so you shall, my darling-
when I tell you ! Do you know what my great grandfather's name was ? "
    " No,'' said Steerforth.
    " I t was Walker, my sweet pet," replied Miss Mowcher, "and he
came of a long line of Walkers, that I inherit all the Hookey estates from."
    I never beheld anything approaching to Miss Mowcher's wink, except
Miss Mowcher's self-possession. She had a wonderful way too, when
listening to what was said to her, or when waiting for an answer to what
she had said herself, of pausing with her head cunningly on one side, and
one eye turned up like a magpie's. Altogether I was lost in amazement,
and sat staring at her, quite oblivious, I am afraid, of the laws of politeness.
    She had by this time drawn the chair to her side, and was busily
engaged in producing from the bag (plunging in her short arm to the
shoulder, at every dive) a number of small bottles, sponges, combs, brushes,
bits of flannel, little pairs of curling irons, and other instruments, which
she tumbled in a heap upon the chair. From this employment she
suddenly desisted, and said to Steerforth, much to my confusion :
    " Who 's your friend ? "
    " Mr. Copperfield," said Steerforth ; " he wants to know you."
    " Well, then, he shall ! I thought he looked as if he did !" returned
Miss Mowcher, waddling up to me, bag in hand, and laughing on me
as she came. "Face like a peach!" standing on tiptoe to pinch my
cheek as I sat. " Quite tempting ! I 'm very fond of peaches. Happy
to make your acquaintance, Mr. Copperfield, I 'm sure.''
    I said that I congratulated myself on having the honor to make hers,
and that the happiness was mutual.
    " O h my goodness, how polite we are !" exclaimed Miss Mowcher,
making a preposterous attempt to cover her large face with her morsel of
 a hand. " What a world of gammon and spinnage it is, though, ain't it !"
    This was addressed confidentially to both of us, as the morsel of a hand
 came away from the face, and buried itself, arm and all, in the bag again.
    " What do you mean, Miss Mowcher ?"        said Steerforth.
    " H a ! ha ! ha ! What a refreshing set of humbugs we are, to be sure,

 ain't we, my sweet child?" replied that morsel of a woman, feeling in
the bag with her head on one side, and her eye in the air. "Look
 here !" taking something out. "Scraps of the Russian Prince's nails!
 Prince Alphabet turned topsy-turvy, I call him, for his name's got all the
 letters in it, higgledy-piggledy."
    " The Russian Prince is a client of yours, is he ? " said Steerforth.
