474           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

and reproaches, Mr. James he set off one morning, from the neighbourhood
of Naples, where we had a villa (the young woman being very partial to
the sea), and, under pretence of coming back in a day or so, left it in
charge with me to break it out, that, for the general happiness of all con-
cerned, he wasH-here an interruption of the short cough-"gone.
But Mr. James, I must say, certainly did behave extremely honorable;
for he proposed that the young woman should marry a very respectable
person, who was fnlly prepared to overlook the past, and who was, at
least, as good as anybody the young woman could have aspired to in a
regular way : her connexions being very common."
   I l e changed legs again, and wetted his lips. I was convinced that the
scoundrel spoke of himself, and I saw my conviction reflected in Miss
Dartle's face.
   "This I also had it in charge to communicate. I was willing to do
anything to relieve Mr. James from his difficulty, and to restore harmony
between himself and an affectionate parent, who has undergone so much
on his account. Therefore I undertook the commission. The young
woman's violence when she came to, after I broke the fact of his departure,
was beyond all expectations. She was quite mad, and had to be held by
force; or, if she couldn't have got to a knife, or got to the sea, she'd have
beaten her head against the marble floor."
   Miss Dartle, leaning back upon the seat, with a light of exultation in
her face, seemed almost to caress the sounds this fellow had uttered.
   "But when I came to the second part of what had been entrusted to
me," said Mr. Littimer, rubbing his hands, uneasily, "which anybody
might have supposed would have been, at all events, appreciated as a
kind intention, then the young woman came out in her true colors. A
more outrageous person I never did see. Her conduct was surprisingly
bad. She had no more gratitude, no more feeling, no more patience, no
more reason in her, than a stock or a stone. If I hadn't been upon my
guard, I am convinced she would have had my blood."
   " I tliink the better of her for it," said I, indignantly-
   Mr. Littimer bent his head, as much as to say, " Indeed, sir ? But
you 're young ! " and resumed his narrative.
   " I t was necessary, in short, for a time, to take away everything nigh
her, that she could do herself, or anybody else, an injury with, and to shut
her up close. Not~vithstandingwhich, she got out in the night ; forced
the lattice of a window, that I had nailed up myself; dropped on a vine
that was trailed below; and never has been seen or heard of, to my
knowledge, since."
   " She is dead, perhaps," said Miss Dartle, with a smile, as if she could
have spurned the body of the ruined girl.
   " She may have drownded herself, miss," returned Mr. Littimer,
catching at an excuse for addressing himself to somebody. " I t ' s
very possible. Or, she may have had assistance from the boatmen, and
the boatmens' wives and children. Being given to low company, she
was very much in the habit of talking to them on the beach, Miss
Dartle, and sitting by their boats. I have known her do it, when
 Mr. James has been away, whole days. Mr. James was far from pleased
