454            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     I had reason to believe that in accomplishing these failures we incurred
 a far greater expense than if we had achieved a series of triumphs. I t
 appeared to me, on looking over the tradesmen's books, as if we inight
 have kept the basement story paved with butter, such was the extensive
 scale of our consumption of that article. I don't know whether the
Excise returns of the period may have exhibited any increase in the demand
for pepper ; but if our performances did not affect the market, I should say
several families must have left off' using it. And the most wonderful fact
of all was, that we never had anything in the house.
     As to the washerwoman pawning the clothes, and coming in a state of
penitent intoxication to apologise, I suppose that might have happened
several times to anybody. Also the chimney on fire, the parish engine, and
perjury on the part of the Beadle. But I apprehend that we were personally
unfortunate in engaging a servant with a taste for cordials, who swelled
our running account for porter at the public-house by such inexplica-
ble items as " quartern rum shrnb (Mrs. C.)" " Half-quartern gin and
cloves (Mrs. C.)" " Glass rum and peppermint (Mrs. C.)"-the             paren-
thesis alwaj~s referring to Dora, who was supposed, it appeared on
explanation, to have imbibed the whole of these refreshments.
     One of our first feats in the housekeeping way was a little dinner to
Traddles. I met him in town, and asked him to walk out with me that
afternoon. 13e readily consenting, I wrote to Dora, saying I would
bring him home. I t was pleasant weather, and on the road we made my
domestic happiness the theme of conversation. Traddles was very full of
i t ; and said, that, picturing himself with such a home, and Sophy waiting
and preparing for him, he could think of nothing wanting to complete
his bliss.
     I could not have wished for a prettier little wife at the opposite end of
the table, but I certainly could have wished, when we sate down, for a
little more room. I did not know how it was, but though there were
only two of us, we were at once always cramped for room, and yet had
always room enough to lose everything in. I suspect it may have been
because nothing had a place of its own, except Jip's pagoda, which
invariably blocked up the main thoroughfare. On the present occasion,
Traddles was so hemmed in by the pagoda and the gnitar-case, and
Dora's flover-painting, and my writing-table, that I had serious doubts of
the possibility of his using his knife and fork ; but he protested, with his
own good-humour, " Oceans of room, Copperfield ! I assure you,
Oceans ! "
    There was another thing I could have wished, namely, that Jip had
never been encouraged to walk about the table-cloth during dinner. I
began to think there was something disorderly in his being there at all,
even if he had not been in the habit of putting his foot in the salt or the
melted butter. On this occasion he seemed to think he was introduced
expressly to keep Traddles at bay ; and he barked at my old friend, and
made short runs at his plate, with such undaunted pertinacity, that he
may be said to have engrossed the conversation.
    However, as I knew how tender-hearted my dear Dora was, and how
sensitive she would be to any slight upon her favorite, I hinted no
objection. For similar reasons I made no allusion to the skirmishing
