598           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

tated on Miss Shepherd and the eldest Miss Larkins, and all the idle
loves and likings, and dislikings, of that time. Nothing seemed to have
survived that time but Agnes; and she, ever a star above me, was brighter
and higher.
    When I returned, Mr. ~ i c k f i e l dhad come home, from a garden he
had, a couple of miles or so out of the town, where he now employed
himself almost every day. I found him as my aunt had described him. We
sat down to dinner, with some half-dozen little girls; and he seemed but
the shadow of his handsome picture on the wall.
    The tranquillity and peace belonging, of old, to that quiet ground in
my memory, pervaded it again. When dinner was done, Mr. Wickfield
taking no wine, and I desiring none, we went up stairs; where Agnes and
her little charges sang and played, and worked. After tea the children
left us; and we three sat together, talking of the by-gone days.
    " My part in them," said Mr. Wickfield, shaking his white head, "has
much matter for regret-for deep regret, and deep contrition, Trotwood,
you well know. But I would not cancel it, if it were in my power."
    1could readily believe that, looking at the face beside him.
    " I should cancel with it," he pursued, "such patience and devotion,
such fidelity, such a child's love, as I must not forget, no ! even to forget
myself."
      I understand you, sir," I softly said. " I hold it-I have always held
it-in veneration."
    " But no one knows, not even             he returned, " how much she has
done, how much she has undergone, how hard she has striven. Dear
Agnes ! "
    She had put her hand entreatingly on his arm, to stop him ; and was
very, very, pale.
    " Well, well !" he said with a sigh, dismissing, as I then saw, some

trial she had borne, or was yet to bear, in connexion with what my aunt
had told me. "Well! I have never told you, Trotwood, of her mother.
Has any one ? "
    " Never, sir."
    " I t 'S not much-though    it was much to suffer. She married me in
opposition to her father's wish, and he renounced her. She prayed him
to forgive her, before my Agnes came into this world. He was a very
hard man, and her mother had long been dead. H e repulsed her. He
broke her heart."
    Agnes leaned upon his shoulder, and stole her arm about his neck.
    " She had an affeclionate and gentle heart," he said; "and it was
broken. I knew its tender nature very well. No one could, if I did not.
She loved me dearlg, but was never happy. She was always laboring, in
secret, under this distress; and being delicate and downcast at the time
of his last repulse-for    it was not the first, by many-pined away and
died. She left me Agnes, two weeks old; and the grey hair that you
recollect me with, when you first came."
    He kissed Agnes on her cheek.
    " My love for my dear child was a diseased love, but my mind was
all unhealthy then. I say no more of that. I am not speaking of myself,
Trotwood, but of her mother, and of her. If I give you any clue to what
I am, or to what I have been, you will unravel it, I know. What Agnes
