40             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 writing-desk, but not half so ready as Mr. Murdstone in his easy-chair by the
 window (though he pretends to be reading a book), or as Miss Murdstone,
 sitting near my mother stringing steel beads. The very sight of these
 two has such an influence over me, that I begin to feel the words I have
 been at infinite pains to get into my head, all sliding away, and going I
 don't know where. I wonder where they do go, by-the-by ?
     I hand the first book to my mother. Perhaps it is a grammar, perhaps
 a history, or geography. I take a last drowning look at the page as I give
 it into her hand, and start off aloud at a racing pace while I have got it
 fresh. I trip over a word. Mr. Murdstone looks up. I trip over
 another word. Miss Murdstone looks up. I redden, tumble over half-a-
 dozen words, and stop. I think my mother would show me the book if
she dared, but she does not dare, and she says softly :
    " Oh, Davy, Davy! "

    " Now, Clara," says Mr. Murdstone, "be firm with the boy. Don't
say ' Oh, Davy, Davg !' That's childish. He knows his lesson, or he does
n i t know it.""
    " H e does not know it," Miss Murdstone interposes awfully.
    "I am really afraid he does not," says my mother.
    "Then you see, Clara," returns Miss Murdstone, "you should just
give him the book back, and make him know it."
    " Yes, certainly," says my mother ; " that is what I intend to do, my
dear Jane. Now, Davy, try once more, and don't be stupid."
    I obey the first clause of the injunction by trying once more, but am
not so successful with the second, for I am very stupid. I tumble down
before I get to the old place, at a point where I was all right before, and
 stop to think. But I can't think about the lesson. I think of the
number of yards of net in Miss Murdstone's cap, or of the price of
Mr. Murdstone's dressing-gown, or any such ridiculous problem that I
have no business with, and don't want to have anything at all to do with.
Mr. Murdstone makes a movement of impatience which I have been
expecting for a long time. Miss Murdstone does the same. My mother
glances submissively at them, shuts the book, and lays it by as an arrear
to be worked out when my other tasks are done.
    There is a pile of these arrears very soon, and it swells like a rolling
snowball. The bigger it gets, the more stupid I get. The case is so
hopeless, and I feel that I am wallowing in such a bog of nonsense, that I
give up all idea of getting out, and abandon myself to my fate. The
despairing way in which my mother and I look at each other, as I blunder
on, is truly melancholy. But the greatest effect in these miserable lessons
is when my mother (thinking nobody is observing her) tries to give me
the cue by the motion of her lips. At that instant, Miss Murdstone, who has
been lying in wait for nothing else all along, says in a deep warning voice :
    '' Clara ! "
    My mother starts, colors, and smiles faintly. Mr. Murdstone comes
out of his chair, takes the book, throws it at me or boxes my ears with
it, and turns me out of the room by the shoulders.
    Even when the lessons are done, the worst is yet to happen, in the shape
of an appalling sum. This is invented for me, and delivered to me
orally by Mr. Murdstone, and begins, " I f I go into a cheesemonger's
