128            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    "Done with you for a tanner!" said the long-legged young man, and
directly got upon his cart, which was nothing but a large wooden-tray on
wheels, and rattled away at such a rate, that it was as much as I could do
to keep pace with the donkey.
   There was a defiant manner about this young man, and particularly about
the way in which he chewed straw as he spoke to me, that I did not much
like; as the bargain was made, however, I took him up-stairs to the room
I was leaving, and we brought the box down, and put it on his cart. Now,
I was unwilling to put the direction-card on there, lest any of my land-
lord's family should fathom what I was doing, and detain me; so I said
to the young man that I would be glad if he would stop for a minute,
when he came to the dead-wall of the King's Bench prison. The words
were no sooner out of my mouth, than he rattled away as if he, my box,
the cart, and the donkey, were all equally mad; and I was quite out of
breath with running and calling after him, when I caught him at the place
appointed.
   Being much flushed and excited, I tumbled my half-guinea out of my
pocket in pulling the card out. I put it in my mouth for safety, and
though my hands trembled a good deal, had just tied the card on very much
to my satisfaction, when I felt myself violently chucked under the chin by
the long-legged young man, and saw my half-guinea fly out of my mouth
into his hand.
    " Wot ! " said the young man, seizing me by my jacket collar, with a
frightful grin. "This is a pollis case, is i t ? You 're a going to bolt, are
you? Come to the pollis, you young warmin, come to the pollis !"
    "You give me my money back, if you please," said I, very much
frightened- " and leave me alone."
   ?' ~ o r n e i othe pollis ! " said the young man. " You shall prove it
 yourn to the pollis."
    "Give me my box and money, will you," I cried, bursting into tears.
    The young man still replied : " Come to the pollis ! " and was dragging
 me against the donkey in a violent manner, as if there were any affinity
 between that animal and a magistrate, when he changed his mind, jumped
into the cart, sat upon my box, and, exclaiming that he would drive to the
pollis straight, rattled away harder than ever.
    I ran after him as fast as I could, but I had no breath to call out with,
and should not have dared to call out, now, if I had. I narrowly escaped
being run over, twenty times at least, in half a mile. Now I lost him, now I
saw him, now I lost him, now I was cut at with a whip, now shouted at,
 now down in the mud, now up again, now running into somebody's arms,
 now running headlong at a post. At length, confused by fright and heat,
 and doubting whether half London might not by this time be turning out
 for my apprehension, I left the young man to go where he would with my box
 and money ; and, panting and crying, but never stopping, faced about for
 Greenwich, which I had understood was on the Dover Road : taking very
little more out of the world, towards the retreat of my aunt, Miss Betsey,
than I had brought into it, on the night when my arrival gave her so
much umbrage.
