910            T H E PERSONAL HISTORY A N D E X P E R I E N C E

    I knew that, knowing the fellow. And yet I did not despise him the
more for it, but thought it a redeeming quality in him-if he could be
allowed any grace for not resisting one so irresistible as Steerforth.
    " My son's great capacity was tempted on, there, by a feeling of volun-

tary emulation and conscious pride," the fond lady went on to say. " He
would have risen against all constraint ; but he found himself the monarch
of the place, and he haughtily determined to be worthy of his station. I t
was like himself."
    I echoed, with all my heart and soul, that it was like himself.
    " So my son took, of his own will, and on no compulsion, to the course

in which he can always, when it is his pleasure, outstrip every competitor,"
she pursued. " My son informs me, Mr. Copperfield, that you were quite
devoted to him, and that when you met yesterday you made yourself
known to him with tears of joy. I should be an affected woman if I made
any pretence of being surprised by my son's inspiring such emotions ; but
I cannot be indifferent to any one who is so sensible of his merit, and I
am very glad to see you here, and can assure you that he feels an unusual
friendship for you, and that you may rely on his protection."
     Miss Dartle plyed backgammon as eagerly as she did everything else. If
I had seen her, first, at the board, I should have fancied that her figure
had got thin, and her eyes had got large, over that pursuit, and no other
in the world. But I am very much mistaken if she missed a word of this,
 or lost a look of mine as I received it with the utmost pleasure, and,
 honored by Mrs. Steerforth's confidence, felt older than I had done since
 I left Canterbury.
     When the evening was pretty far spent, and a tray of glasses and decanters
 came in, Steerforth promised, over the fire, that he would seriously think
 of going down into the country with me. There was no hurry, he said;
 a week hence would do ; and his mother hospitably said the same. While
 we were talking, he more than once called me Daisy ;which brought Miss
 Dartle out again.
     " But really, Mr. Copperfield," she asked, "is it a nick-name ?          And
 why does he give it you? I s it-eh?-because               he thinks you young
 and innocent ? I am so stupid in these things."
     I colored in replying that I believed it was.
     "Oh! " said Miss Dartle. " Now I am glad to know that ! I ask
 for information, and I am glad to know it. H e thinks you young and
 innocent ; and so you are his friend. Well, that 's quite delightful ! "
     She went to bed soon after this, and Mrs. Steerforth retired too.
 Steerforth and I, after lingering for half an hour over the fire, talking about
 Traddles and all the rest of them at old Salem House, went up-stairs
 together. Steerforth's room was next to mine, and I went in to look at it.
 I t was a picture of comfort, full of easy chairs,cushions and footstools, worked
 by his mother's hand, and with no sort of thing omitted that could help
 to render it complete. Finally, her handsome features looked down on
 her darling from a portrait on the wall, as if it were even something to her
 that her likeness should watch him while he slept.
     I found the fire burning clear enough in my room by this time, and
  the curtains drawn before the windows and round the bed, giving it a
  very snug appearance. I sat down in a great chair upon the hearth
  to meditate on my happiness; and had enjoyed the contemplation of it for
