                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          249
presiding dignitary, I never saw anything more sheepish. The public,
represented by a boy with a comforter, and a shabby-genteel man secretly
eating crumbs out of his coat pockets, was warming itself at a stove in the
centre of the Court. The languid stillness of the place was only broken
by the chirping of this fire and by the voice of one of the Doctors, who
was wandering slowly through a perfect library of evidence, and stopping
to put up, from time to time, at little roadside inns of argument on the
journey. Altogether, I have never, on any occasion, made one at such
a cosey, dosey, old-fashioned, time-forgotten, sleepy-headed little family-
party in all my life; and I felt it would be quite a soothing opiate to
belong to it in any character-except perhaps as a suitor.
   Very well satisfied with the dreamy nature of this retreat, I informed
Mr. Spenlow that I had seen enough for that time, and we rejoined my
aunt ; in company with whom I presently departed from the Commons,
feeling very young when I went out of Spenlow and Jorkins's, on account
of the clerks poking one another with their pens to point me out.
   We arrived at Lincoln's Inn Fields without any new adventures, except
encountering an unlucky donkey in a costermonger's cart, who suggested
painful associations to my aunt. We had another long talk about my
plans, when we were safely housed; and as I knew she was anxious to get
home, and, between fire, food, and pickpockets, could never be considered
at her ease for half-an-hour in London, I urged her not to be uncom-
fortable on my account, but to leave me to take care of myself.
   " I have not been here a week to-morrow, without considering that too,
my dear," she returned. " There is a furnished little set of chambers to
be let in the Adelphi, Trot, which ought to suit you to a marvel."
   With this brief introduction, she produced from her pocket an adver-
tisement, carefully cut out of a newspaper, setting forth that in Buck-
ingham Street in the Adelphi there was to be let, furnished, with a view
of the river, a singularly desirable, and compact set of chambers, forming
a genteel residence for a young gentleman, a member of one of the Inns of
Court, or otherwise, with immediate possession. Terms moderate, and
could be taken for a month only if required.
   "Why, this is the very thing, aunt ! " said I, flushed with the possible
dignity of living in chambers.
   " Then come," replied my aunt, immediately resuming the bonnet she

had a minute before laid aside. "We 1' 1 go and look at 'em."
   Away we went. The advertisement directed us to apply to Mrs. Crupp
on the premises, and we rung the area bell, which we supposed to com-
municate with Mrs. Crupp. I t was not until we had rung three or four
times that we could prevail on Mrs. Crupp to communicate with us, but
at last she appeared, being a stout lady with a flounce of flannel petticoat
below a nankeen gown.
   "Let us see these chambers of yours, if you please, ma'am," said
my aunt.
   "For this gentleman?" said Mrs. Crupp, feeling in her pocket for
her keys.
   " Yes, for my nephew," said my aunt.
   "And a sweet set they is for sich ! " said Mrs. Crupp.
   So we went up-stairs.
   They were on the top of the house-a great point with my aunt, being
