                        OF DAYID COPPERPIELD.                            77
 should come along with Mas'r Davy to see it. I ' m a reg'lar Dodman, I
 am," said Mr. Peggotty ;by which he meant snail, and this was in allusion
 to his being slow to go, for he had attempted to go after every sentence,
 and had somehow or other come back again; "but I wish you both well,
 and I wish you happy ! "
    Ham echoed this sentiment, and we parted with them in the heartiest
manner. I was almost tempted that evening to tell Steerforth about pretty
little Em'ly, but I was too timid of mentioning her name, and too much
 afraid of his laughing at me. I remember that I thought a good deal,
 and in an uneasy sort of way, about Mr. Peggotty having said that she
was getting on to be a woman; but I decided that was nonsense.
    We transported the shell-fish, or the "relish" as Mr. Peggotty had
modestly called it, up into our room unobserved, and made a great supper
that evening. But Traddles couldn't get happily out of it. He was too
unfortunate even to come through a supper like anybody else. He was
taken ill in the night-quite prostrate he was-in consequence of Crab;
 and after being drugged with black draughts and blue pills, to an extent
 which Demple (whose father was a doctor) said was enough to undermine
 a horse's constitution, received a caning and six chapters of Greek Testa-
 ment for refusing to confess.
    The rest of the half-year is a jumble in my recollection of the daily
 strife and struggle of our lives ; of the waning summer and the changing
 season ;of the frosty mornings when we were rung out of bed, and the cold,
 cold smell of the dark nights when we were rung into bed again ; of the
evening schoolroom dimly lighted and indifferently warmed, and the morn-
ing schoolroom which was nothing but a great shivering-machine ; of the
alternation of boiled beef with roast beef, and boiled mutton with roast
mutton ; of clods of bread-and-butter, dog's-eared lesson-books, cracked
 slates, tear blotted copy-books, canings, rulerings, hair-cuttings, rainy
 Sundays, suet puddings, and a dirty atmosphere of ink surrounding all.
    I well remember though, how the distant idea of the holidays, after
seeming for an immense time to be a stationary speck, began to come
towards us, and to grow and grow. How, from counting months, we
came to weeks, and then to days; and how I then began to be afraid that I
should not be sent for, and, when I learnt from Steerforth that I had been
sent for and was certainly to go home, had dim forebodings that I might
break my leg first. How the breaking-up day changed its place fast, at last,
from the week after next to next week, this week, the day after to-morrow,
to-morrow, to day, to-night-when I was inside the Yarmouth mail, and
going home.
   I had many a broken sleep inside the Yarmouth mail, and many an
incoherent dream of all these things. But when I awoke at intervals,
the ground outside the window was not the playground of Salem House,
and the sound in my ears was not the sound of Mr. Creakle giving it to
Traddles, but the sound of the coachman touching up the horses.
