                          OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   "    I am sure of it," said Agnes.
      "And patient, Agnes? " I enquired, with a little hesitation.
      "Yes," returned Agnes, laughing. " Pretty well."
      "And yet," said I, " I get so miserable and worried, and am so
  unsteady and irresolute in my power of assuring myself, that I know I
  must want-shall I call it-reliance, of some kind? "
      " Call it so, if you will," said Agnes.
      "Well ! " I returned. " See here ! You come to London, I rely on
  you, and I have an object and a course at once. I am driven out of it,
  I come here, and in a moment I feel an altered person. The circumstances
  that distressed me are not changed, since I came into this room; hut an
  influence comes over me in that short interval that alters me, oh, how much
 for the better ! What is i t ? What is your secret, Agnes? "
     Her head was bent down, looking at the fire.
     " I t 's the old story," said I.   "Don't laugh, when I say it was always
 the same in little things as it is in greater ones. My old troubles were
 nonsense, and now they are serious ; but whenever I have gone away from
 my adopted sister-"
     Agnes looked up-with such a Heavenly face !-and gave me her hand,
  which I kissed.
     "Whenever I have not had you, Agnes, to advise and approve in the
 beginning, I have seemed to go wild, and to get into all sorts of difficulty.
 When I have come to you, at last (as I have always done), I have come to
 peace and happiness. I come home, now, tike a tired traveller, and find
 such a blessed sense of rest ! "
     I felt so deeply what I said, it affected me so sincerely, that my voice
 failed, and I covered my face with my hand, and broke into tears. I write
 the truth. Whatever contradictions and inconsistencies there were within
 me, as there are within so many of us; whatever might have been so
 different, and so much better; whatever I had done, in which I had per-
 versely wandered away from the voice of my own heart ; I knew nothing
 of: I only knew that I was fervently in earnest, when I felt the rest and
 peace of having Agnes near me.
     I n her placid sisterly manner ; with her beaming eyes ; with her tender
 voice; and with that sweet composure, which had long ago made the
 house that held her quite a sacred place to me ; she soon won me from this
 weakness, and ledme on to tell all that had happened since our last meeting.
     "And there is not another word to tell, Agnes," said I, when I had
 made an end of my confidence. " Now, my reliance is on you."
     "But it must not be on me, Trotwood," returned Agnes, with a pleasant
smile. " I t must be on some one else."
     " On Dora ? " said I.
     " Assuredly."
     " Why, I have not mentioned, Agnes," said I, a little embarrassed,
"that Dora is rather difficult to-I would not, for the world, say, to rely
upon, because she is the soul of purity and truth-but rather difficult
to-I hardly know how to express it, really, Agnes. She is a timid little
thing, and easily disturbed and frightened. Some time ago, before her
father's death, when I thought it right to mention to her-but I'll tell
you, if you will bear with me, how it was."
                                                             D D
