                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             95
 When we go out to the door, the Bearers and their load are in the
 garden; and they move before us down the path, and past the elms, and
 through the gate, and into the church-yard where I have so often heard
 the birds sing on a summer morning.
    We stand around the grave. The day seems different to me from every
 other day, and the light not of the same color-of a sadder color. Now
there is a solemn hush, which we have brought from home with what is
 resting in the mould; and while we stand bare-headed, I hear the voice of
 the clergyman, sounding remote in the open air, and yet distinct and
 plain, saying : " I am the Resurrection and the Life, saith the Lord ! "
 Then I hear sobs; and, standing apart among the lookers-on, I see that
 good and faithful servant, whom of all the people upon earth I love the
best, and unto whom my childish heart is certain that the Lord will one
day say : "Well done."
   There are many faces that I know, among the little crowd; faces that
I knew in church, when mine was always wondering there ; faces that first
saw my mother, when she came to the village in her youthful bloom. I do
not mind them-I mind nothing but my grief-and yet I see and know
them all ; and even in the background, far away, see Minnie looking on,
and her eye glancing on her sweetheart, who is near me.
   I t is over, and the earthis filled in, and we turn to come away. Before
us stands our house, so pretty and unchanged, so linked in my mind with
the young idea of what is gone, that all my sorrow has been nothing to
the sorrow it calls forth. But they take me on; and Mr. Chillip talks to me ;
and when we get home, puts some water to my lips ; and when I ask his
leave to go up to my room, dismisses me with the gentleness of a woman.
   All this, I say, is yesterday's event. Events of later date have floated
from me to the shore where all forgotten things will reappear, but this
stands like a high rock in the ocean.
   I knew that Peggotty would come to me in my room. The Sabbath
stillness of the time (the day was so like Sunday ! I have forgotten that)
was suited to us both. She sat down by my side upon my little bed;
and holding my hand, and sometimes putting it to her lips, and sometimes
smoothing it with hers, as she might have comforted my little brother,
told me, in her way, all that she had to tell concerning what had happened.

   "She was never well," said Peggotty, "for a long time. She was
uncertain in her mind, and not happy. When her baby was born, I
thought at first she would get better, but she was more delicate, and sunk
a little every day. She used to like to sit alone before her baby came, and
then she cried ; but afterwards she used to sing to it-so soft, that I once
thought, when I heard her, it was like a voice up in the air, that was rising
away.
   " I think she got to be more timid, and more frightened-like, of late ; and
that a hard word was like a blow to her. But she was always the same to
me. She never changed to her foolish Peggotty, didn't my sweet girl."
   Here Peggotty stopped, and softly beat upon my hand a little while.
   " The last time that I saw her like her own old self, was the night when
you came home, my dear. The day you went away, she said to me, ' I
never shall see my pretty darling again. Something tells me so, that tells
the truth, I know.'
