298           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

live, comfortably and reputably, for a few years. Whatever was reserved
for him, he expressly said, or wherever his abode might be, we might rely
on this-there would always be a room for Traddles, and a knife and fork
for me. We acknowledged his kindness ; and he begged us to forgive his
having launched into these practical and business-like details, and to
excuse it as natural in one who was making entirely new arrangements
in life.
   Mrs. Micawber, tapping at the wall again, to know if tea were ready,
broke up this particular phase of our friendly conversation. She made
tea for us in a most agreeable manner ; and, whenever I went near her, in
handing about the tea-cups and bread-and-butter, asked me, in a whisper,
whether D. was fair, or dark, or whether she was short, or tall : or some-
thing of that kind; which I think I liked. After tea, we discussed a
variety of topics before the fire ; and Mrs. Micawber was good enough
to sing us (in a small, thin, flat voice, which I remember to have consi-
dered, when I first knew her, the very table-beer of acoustics) the favorite
ballads of "The Dashing White Serjeant," and "Little Tafflin." Por
both of these songs Mrs. Micawber had been famous when she lived at
home with her papa and mama. Mr. Micawber told us, that when he
heard her sing the first one, on the first occasion of his seeing her beneath
the parental roof, she had attracted his attention in an extraordinary
degree; but that when it came to Little T d i n , he had resolved to win
that woman or perish in the attempt.
    I t was between ten and eleven o'clock when Mrs. Micawber rose to
 replace her cap in the whitey-brown paper parcel, and to put on her
bonnet. Mr. Micawber took the opportunity of Traddles putting on his
 great coat, to slip a letter into my hand, with a whispered request that I
 would read it at my leisure. I also took the opportunity of my holding a
 candle over the bannisters to light them down, when Mr. Micawber was
 going first, leading Mrs. Micawber, and Traddles mas following with the
 cap, to detain Traddles for a moment on the top of the stairs.
    " Traddles," said I, " Mr. Micawber don't mean any harm, poor fellow ;
 but, if I were you, I wouldn't lend him anything."
    " My dear Copperfield," returned Traddles, smiling, " 1 haven't       got
 anything to lend."
    "You have got a name, you know," said I.
    " Oh! You call that something to lend? " returned Traddles, with a
 thoughtful look.
    " Certainly ."
    &lt;'Oh ! " said Traddles. "Yes, to be sure ! I am very much obliged
 to you, Copperfield ; but-I am afraid I have lent him that already."
    " Por the bill that is to be a certain investment ? " I inquired.
    " No," said Traddles.     " Not for that one. This is the first I have
 heard of that one. I have been thinking that he will most likely
 propose that one, on the way home. Mine's another."
    " I hope there will be nothing wrong about it," said I.

    " I hope not," said Traddles. " I should think not, though, because
 he told me, only the other day, that it was provided for. That was Mr.
 Micawber's expression. ' Providcd for."'
    Mr. Micawber looking up at this juncture to where we were standing, I
