                                WORKS
     PUBLISHED BY A. HALL, VIRTUE & C O .
                     25, PATERNOSTER ROW, LONDON.



                  @I~gunt Qift %oak for             $1    L~ean.
                                     -
 I n a handsome super-royal octavo volume, price 16s. cloth gilt; morocco gilt, 288.

                          THE NILE BOAT;


Illustrated by Thirty$ve Steel Engravings and Maps, with numerous Cuts.
                            BY W. H. BARTLETT,
      AUTHOR OF "FORTY DAYS IN THE DESERT,"    "WALKS ABOUT JERUSALEM," ETC.




    EGYPT-the seat of the most ancient civilization known to us, the birth-place of
 art and science-has ever been regarded with peculiar interest, alike by the artist,
 the historian, the philosopher, and the student of sacred history. Accordingly,
 from the time of Herodotus to the present day, descriptions of the aspect of this
 singular country, the manners and customs of its population, and, above all, the
 wonderful monuments which attest its past magnificence, have ever been sought
 for and perused with avidity.
   The recent recovery by Champollion and others, of the key of hieroglyphic
 writing, constitutes a new era i n the study of Egyptian antiquities. Conjecture
 as to their origin and purpose has given place to solid and well-grounded fact.
 Their dates, and the names of their builders, are now revealed to us: a new light
has been thrown, not only upon the history of this great people, but also upon
that of contemporaneous nations, especially the Jews.
   Very numerous, i t must be confessed, are the publications that have been
 recently devoted to the subject; from the magnificent folios of Denon, Cham-
 pollion, and others, to the small duodecimo compiled for the information of
the million. The province of the volume announced is so far peculiar that it
aims a t affording a few distinct and lively impressions, by the combination of the
pencil and the pen, of the more interesting objects existing on the banks of the
Nile, accompanied by such a measure of historical and arch=ological explanation
as may inform the mind of the reader, without confusing him with redundant or
unintelligible details. Exaggeration has been studiously avoided, and accuracy
particularly studied. The Illustrations have been copied from original Sketches
taken on the spot, and engraved with conscientious fidelity.
   To those whose information about Egypt is as yet but slight, this volume, by
pointing out the prominent objects, may serve as an agreeable introduction to
more serious researches ; while to others, who have neither time nor inclination
to go deeply into the subject, i t may supply, in a brief and popular shape, those
general results which could only be obtained from the perusal of voluminous and
costly publications.

               A. HALL, VIRTUE & GO. 25, PATERNOSTER
         LONDON:                                  ROW.
