                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           4.45
 and there, in the corner, is that Parental Institution, the Stamp Office,
 which is so benignantly interested in the various transactions of human
 life, looking down upon our Union ; and there is the Archbishop of Can-
 terbury invoking a blessing on us in print, and doing it as cheap as could
 possibly be expected.
    Nevertheless, I am in a dream, a flustered, happy, hurried dream. I
 can't believe that it is going to be; and yet I can't believe but that every-
 one I pass in the street, must have some kind of perception, that I am to
 be married the day after to-morrow. The Surrogate knows me, when I go
 down to be sworn ; and disposes of me easily, as if there were a Masonic
 understanding between us. Traddles is not at all wanted, but is in attend-
 ance as my general backer.
    " I hope the next time you come here, my dear fellow," I say to
Traddles, it will be on the same errand for yourself. And I hope it will
be soon."
    &lt;' Thank you for your good wishes, my dear Copperfield," he replies.
"I hope so too. I t 's a satisfaction to know that she 1' 1 wait for me any
length of time, and that she really is the dearest girl-"
    " When are you to meet her at the coach ? " I ask.
    "At seven," says Traddles, looking at his plain old silver watch-the
very watch he once took a wheel out of, at school, to make a water-mill.
 " That is about Miss Wickfield's time, is it not? "
    " A little earlier. Her time is half-past eight."
    " I assure you, my dear boy," says Traddles, "I am almost as pleased
as if I were going to be married myself, to think that this event is coming to
such a happy termination. And really the great friendship and considera-
tion of personally associating Sophy with the joyful occasion, and inviting
her to be a bridesmaid in conjunction with Miss Wickfield, demands my
warmest thanks. I am extremely sensible of it."
    I hear him, and shake hands with him; and we talk, and walk, and
dine, and so on ; but I don't believe it. Nothing is real.
    Sophy arrives at the house of Dora's aunts, in due course. She has the
most agreeable of faces,-not       absolutely beautiful, but extraordinarily
pleasant,-and is one of the most genial, unaffected, frank, engaging
creatures I have ever seen. Traddles presents her to us with great pride ;
and rubs his hands for ten minutes by the clock, with every individual
hair upon his head standing on tiptoe, when I congratulate him in a
corner on his choice.
    I have brought Agnes from the Canterbury coach, and her cheerful
and beautiful face is among us for the second time. Agnes has a great
liking for Traddles, and it is capital to see them meet, and to observe
the glory of Traddles as he commends the dearest girl in the world to
her acquaintance.
    Still I don't believe it. We have a delightful evening, and are supremely
happy; but I don't believe it yet. I can't collect myself. I can't
check off my happiness as it takes place. I feel in a misty and unsettled
kind of state ; as if I had got up very early in the morning a week or two
ago, and had never been to bed since. I can't make out when yesterday
was. I seem to have been carrying the licence about, in my pocket,
many months.
