56            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

what that peacock would have thought if he had known what his finery
was doonied to come to-fades from before me, and I nod, and sleep.
The flute becomes inaudible, the wheels of the coach are heard instead,
and I am on my journey. The coach jolts, I wake with a start, and the
flute has come back again, and the Master at Salem House is sitting with
his legs crossed, playing it dolefully, while the old woman of the house
looks on delighted. She fades in her turn, and he fades, and all fades,
and there is no flute, no Master, no Salem House, no David Copperfield,
no anything but heavy sleep.
   I dreamed, I thought, that once while he was blowing into this dismal
flute, the old woman of the house, who had gone nearer and nearer to him
in her ecstatic admiration, leaned over the back of his chair and gave him
an affectionate squeeze round the neck, which stopped his playing for a
moment. I was in the middle state between sleeping and waking, either
then or immediately afterwards ; for, as he resumed-it was a real fact
that he had stopped playing-I saw and heard the same old woman ask
Mrs. Fibbitson if it wasn't delicious (meaning the flute), to which Mrs.
Fibbitson replied, '&lt; Ay, ay ! Yes ! " and nodded at the fire : to which, I
am persuaded, she gave the credit of the whole performance.
   When I seemed to have been dozing a long while, the Master at Salem
House unscrewed his flute into the three pieces, put them up as before,
and took me away. We found the coach very near at hand, and got upon
the roof; but I was so dead sleepy, that when we stopped on the road to
take up somebody else, they put me inside where there were no passengers,
and where I slept profoundly, until I found the coach going at a footpace
up a steep hill among green leaves. Presently, it stopped, and had come
to its destination.
   A short walk brought us-I mean the Master and me-to Salem House,
which was enclosed with a high brick wall, and looked very dull. Over a
door in this wall was a board with SALEMHOUSEupon it ; and through
a grating in this door we were surveyed when we rang the bell by a
surly face, which I found, on the door being opened, belonged to a stout
man with a bull-neck, a wooden leg, overhanging temples, and his hair cut
close all round his head.
   " The new boy," said the Master.
   The man with the wooden leg eyed me all over-it didn't take long,
for there was not much of me-and locked the gate behind us, and took
out the key. We were going up to the house, among some dark heavy
trees, when he called after my conductor.
   " Hall0 ! "
   We looked back, and he was standing at the door of a little lodge, where
he lived, with a pair of boots in his hand.
   " Here ! The cobbler's been," he said, " since you 've been out,
Mr. Mell, and he says he can't mend 'em any more. H e says there an't
a bit of the original boot left, and he wonders you expect it."
   With these words he threw the boots towards Mr. Mell, who went back
a few paces to pick them up, and looked at them (very disconsolately,
I was afraid), as we went on together. I observed then, for the first
time, that the boots he had on were a good deal the worse for wear, and
that his stocking was just breaking out in one place, like a bud.
