    THE LITERATURE OF WORKING MEN.

                              Just Published, the First

               SUPPLEMENTARY NUMBER

      THE WORKING MAN'S FRIEND,
                            TO BE CONTINUED MONTHLY,
             Uniform in size and price with the Weekly Numbers.
   These Supplementary Numbers will be devoted entirely to communications from
Working Men. An opportunity will thus be afforded to the working classes for
furnishing hints and suggestions as to the improvement of their own order, whether
physically, socially, or morally. I n addition, however, to correspondence of this kind,
which will always receive respectful attention, it is the intention of John Cassell, as an
encouragement to literary exertion, t o award prizes, in the shape of valuable books, to
those whose compositions may be considered worthy of insertion. No such article ought
to exceed about four pages in length. To articles of that extent, approved by impartial
judges, some volume or volumes, t o the value of one guinea, selected from a list by the
successful writers, will be forwarded, post free; for shorter articles, volumes varying in
value from five shillings to fifteen shillings will be sent. The numerous communications
which have been received demonstrate, not only that the pages of THE WORKINGMAN'S
FRIENDare occupied to the satisfaction of the writers, but also the possession of talent
among the working classes of no ordinary character. Independently of any inducement
of the kind now offered, the proposed Supplementary Numbers could be welt filled hy the
spontaneous effusions of men who have not only hard hands, but hard-thinking heads-
men who are intensely anxious for the elevation of their fellows. At the same time it is
believed that the presentation of valuable and instructive works will not only be a
suitable acknowledgment to industry and talent, but beneficial in the influence it will
exert in the families and circles of the writers. The trade and initials of each contributor
will be appended. It is to be well understood that the writers must belong strictly to
the operative class. The subjects may embrace morality, social order and comfort,
history, biography, art, science, general literature, and the principles and claims of any
movement tending to promote the improvement and welfare of the people.
  All communications t o b e addressed to J O H N CASSELL, 335, Strand, London. Full
address in each case.
                                         -
   PEOPLE'S EDITION O F M. GUIZOT'S NEW WORK ON THE
                  ENGLISH REVOLUTION.
                          Now ready, price only Fourpence,

          AN UNABRIDGED TRANSLATION,
                             BY A. R. SCOBLE, ESQ.,
                      Of M. GUIZOT'S celebrated Work, entitled

 THE CAUSES OF THE SUCCESS OF THE ENGLISH REVOLUTION
                                      OF 1640-88,
                   Neatly printed on good paper.    To which is added,
           A BIOGRAPHICAL SICETCEI O F THE AUTHOR.
        London : JOHN CASSELL, 335, Strand.             Order of all BookselIers.
