248           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

Mr. Jorkins has his opinions on these subjects, and I am bound to respect
 Mr. Jorkins's opinions. Mr. Jorkins thinks a thousand pounds too little,
in short."
   " I suppose, sir," said I, still desiring to spare my aunt, "that it isnot

the custom here, if an articled clerk were particularly useful, and made
himself a perfect master of his profession-" I could not help blushing,
this looked so like praising myself-" I suppose it is not the custom, in
the later years of his time, to allow him any-"
   Mr. Spenlow, by a great effort, just lifted his head far enough out of his
cravat to shake it, and answered, anticipating the word " salary :"
   "No. I will not say what consideration I might give to that point
mvself. Mr. Coooerfield. if I were unfettered. Mr. Jorkins is immovable."
  d

   I was quite &mayea by the idea of this terrible Jorkins. But I found
out afterwards that he was a mild man, of a heavy temperament, whose
place in the business was to keep himself in the back-ground, and be
constantly exhibited by name as the most obdurate and ruthless of men.
If a clerk wanted his salary raised, Mr. Jorkins wouldn't listen to such a
proposition. If a client were slow to settle his bill of costs, Mr. Jorkins
was resolved to have it paid; and however painful these things might
be (and always were) to the feelings of Mr. Spenlow, Mr. Jorkins would
have his bond. The heart and hand of the good angel Spenlow would
have been always open, but for the restraining demon Jorkins. As I have
grown older, I think I have had experience of some other houses doing
business on the principle of Spenlow and Jorkins !
   It was settled that I should begin my month's probation as soon as I
pleased, and that my aunt need neither remain in town nor return at its
expiration, as the articles of agreement, of which I was to be the subject,
could easily be sent to her at home for her signature. When we had got
so far, Mr. Spenlow offered to take me into Court then and there, and
show me what sort of place it was. As I was willing enough to know, we
went out with this object, leaving my aunt behind; who would trust
herself, she said, in no such place, and who, I think, regarded all Courts
of Law as a sort of powder-mills that might blow up at any time.
   Mr. Spenlow conducted me through a paved courtyard formed of grave
brick houses, which I inferred, from the Doctors' names upon the doors, to
be the official abiding-places of the learned advocates of whom Steerforth
had told me; and into a large dull room, not unlike a chapel to my
thinking, on the left hand. The upper part of this room was fenced off
from the rest; and there, on the two sides of a raised platform of the
horse-shoe form, sitting on easy old-fashioned dining-room chairs, were
sundry gentlemen in red gowns and grey wigs, whom I found to be the
Doctors aforesaid, Blinking over a little desk like a pulpit-desk, in the
curve of the horse-shoe, was an old gentleman, whom, if I had seen him
in an aviary, I should certainly have taken for an owl, but who I learned
was the presiding judge. I n the space within the horse-shoe, lower
than these, that is to say, on about the level of the floor, were sundry
other gentlemen, of Mr. Spenlow's rank, and dressed like him in black
gowns with white fur upon them, sitting at a long green table. Their
cravats were in general stiff, I thought, and their looks haughty; but in
this last respect I presently conceived I had done them an injustice, for
when two or three of them had to rise and answer a question of the
