                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

she did not move. " No one knows me there. Everybody knows me
here."
   " What will she do there?" inquired Ham.
   She lifted up her head, and looked darkly round at him for a moment ;
then laid it down again, and curved her right arm about her neck, as a
woman in a fever, or in an agony of pain from a shot, might twist herself.
   "She will try to do well," said little Em'ly. " You don't know what
she has said to us. Does he-do they-aunt? "
   Peggotty shook her head compassionately.
   " I'll try," said Martha, "if you 1' 1 help me away. I never can do
worse than I have done here. I may do better. Oh ! " with a dreadful
shiver, " take me out of these streets, where the whole town knows me
from a child ! "
   As Em'ly held out her hand to Ham, I saw him put in it a little
canvas bag. She took it, as if she thought it were her purse, and made
a step or two forward; but finding her mistake, came back to where he
had retired near me, and showed it to him.
   " It 's all yourn, Em'ly," I could hear him say. "I haven't nowt in
all the wureld that ain't yourn, my dear. It ain't of no delight to me,
except for you ! "
   The tears rose freshly in her eyes, but she turned away, and went to
Martha. What she gave her, I don't know. I saw her stooping over her,
and putting money in her bosom. She whispered something, and asked
was that enough? " More than enough," the other said, and took her
hand and kissed it.
   Then Martha arose, and gathering her shawl about her, covering her
face with it, and weeping aloud, went slowly to the door. She stopped a
moment before going out, as if she would have uttered something or
turned back ; but no word passed her lips. Making the same low, dreary,
wretched moaning in her shawl, she went away.
   As the door closed, little Em'ly looked at us three in a hurried
manner, and then hid her face in her hands, and fell to sobbing.
   " Doen't, Em'ly ! " said Ham, tapping her gently on the shoulder.
" Doen't, my dear ! You doen't ought to cry so, pretty ! "
   " Oh, Ham !" she exclaimed, still weeping pitifully, " I am not as
good a girl as I ought to be! I know I have not the thankful heart,
sometimes, I ought to have ! "
   "Yes, yes, you have, I 'm sure," said Ham.
   " No ! no ! no ! " cried little Em'ly, sobbing, and shaking her head.
"I am not as good a girl as I ought to be. Not near ! not near ! "
   And still she cried, as if her heart would break.
   "I try your love too much. I know I do ! " she sobbed. " I ' m often
cross to you, and changeable with you, when I ought to be far different.
You are never so to me. Why am I ever so to you, when I should think
of nothing but how to be grateful, and to make you happy !"
   "You always make me so," said Ham, "my dear! I am happy in
the sight of you. I am happy, all day long, in the thoughts of you."
   " Ah ! that 's not enough !" she cried. " That is because you are good ;
not because I am ! Oh, my dear, it might have been a better fortune for
you, if you had been fond of some one else-of some one steadier and
