                                                   ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                                    11




                                      OlVE INSTANT RELIEF,          AND A     RAPID    CURE    OF

Asthma, Consumption, Coughs, Colds, and all Disorders of the Breath and Lungs.
    aure of 14 years' Winter eougl~.                                          Cure of Consumptive Cough.'
                                                                      Extract of a letter from Messrs. Carey, Cocks, and
            Bampton Street, Tiverton, Nov. 6, 1849.                       Roper, Man of Ross House, January 23, 1449.
  Sir,--it is now 1 4 years since I caught a violent                    " h lady a few months ago told us she should never
cold, accompanied with a harassing couch, which                       fear a consnmptive cough again a s long a s she could
returned every following year about September,                        eet a box of Dr. Locock's Wafers. althoueh t h e
and remained during t h e winter. I tried various                             part of her family had died ot'corisum~rion.
medicines without effect, until about two years since                          (Signed) CAREY, COCKS, Pr ILOPER."
I commenced taking Dr. Locock's Pulmonic Wafers,                                Emportant to all w h o Sing.
when 1 found relief from the first b'lx-and whenever
a sudden variation of weather produces a cold or                      From S. Pearsall, Esq , Her Majesty's Concerts, and
collgh, I have recourse to this valuable medicine,                              Vicar Choral, of Lichfield Cathedral.
                                                                                                    " Lichfield. July 10, 1845.
whrch entirely cures i t in a very short tinre; I a m
                                                                         " Gentlemen,-A       lady ofrdistinction having ponrted
thus enableu t o pursue my ordinary duties with
delight.                                                              o u t to me the qualities of Dr. 1,ocock's Wafers, I w a s
                                                                      induced to make a trial of a box, and from ttils trial I
  I think i t my duty t o make this communication                     am happy t o give my testimonial in their tavour. I
public, thet those similarly afilcted may experience                  find, by allowing a few of t h e Wafers (taken in t h e
the like benefit.                                                     course of the l a v l t o graduallv dissolvein the mc~uth,
                    (Signed)              J. DAVEY.                   m y rolce becomes b r k h t and'clear, and the tone luil
                                                                      alid d~slinct. They are decidedly the most efficaclous
Witness. Mr. G ~ O R GROSPITER,
                        X          Chemist, Tiverton.                 of any I hare ever used.                S. PPARSALL."
  They have a pleasant taste, and may be taken by infants as well a s adults.
  To SIAOBRS    A N D PUBLIC  SPEAI~IRS,thcse Wafers are invaluable, a s by thelr action on t h e throat and
luugs they remove all hoarseness m a few hours, and wul~derfullyincrease t h c power and flex~bilxtyof t h e
volce.
                                        n every E o r In t ? ~ eEn~lish,Gelman, and A enck languages.
  NoTE.-F~c~/Dtvections u ~ ~ e g i v ewith
  Price Is. I@., 2s. gd., and 11s. per Box. The a#. gd. Boxes conCaiu nearly three of the Is. lhd., and t h e
Its. Boxes contaxn five of those a t 26. gd. ALSO




        THEY     HAVE A MOST PLEASANT TASTE.                                             HAVE A PLEASANT TASTE.
          Price Is. I@., 2s. gd., a n d 11s. per Box.                            Price Is. l@., 2s. gd., and 118. per Box.
  THISis an aromatic and aperient Medicine of great
                                                                                                          "$E;
                                                                      an',~~~~~~!~,",","~~~,"~~~",%","c~~i~~1,","~~","","
efficacy for regulating the secretions, and correcting remove all Obstructions, Heaviness, Fatigue o n
the action of the Stomach and Liver, and is the only                  Slight Exertion, Palpitation of t h e Heart, Lowness of
safe remedy for a l l B l ~ r o uA~~ ~ ~ c T ~ o ~ ~ , - H e a r t b u r n ,
                                                                                  ~,",~~e~;~$~,"~dP";',"moVe
Sick Head-ache, Giddiness, Pains in the Stomach,                      IIeartburn, Wind, Head-aches, Giddiness, &c.
Flatulency, or Wind, and all those complaints which                      I n   Hysterical       Diseases, a proper perseverance i n
arise from Indigestion or Biliousness. It is mild in after            the use of this Medicine will be found to effect a Cure
                                                                               all other means have failed.
its action, and suitable for all seasons and constitn-                      *,x ~ ~directions
                                                                                           1 1        are given       every B ? ~ .
tions, while its A G R E E A B L E TASTE renders it the best             N o T ~ . - - ~ h e s eWafers do n o t contain a n y ~ m e r a l .
                                                                      and may be taken either dissolved i n water o r
~ e d i c i nfor
             e Children.                                              whole.
                                                                          BEWARE OF IMITATIONS I N THE FORM OF PILLS!
    I t will be understood that t h e above are THREX DIFFERENT BIEDICINBB, and are not one Medicine under
various names.
    Prepared only by the Proprietor'b Agents, DA S 1 l . v ~& Co., 1, Bride Lane, Fleet Street, London; and sold
by every respectuble Medicine Vendor.
  IMPORTANT
          Cnu~1oa.-Many Shopkeepers, for t h e sake of greater profits, offer spurloos imitations of
"DR. LOCOCK'S WAFERS," in the shape of Pills. Purchasers must thcrelore observe tiiat n o medicine i s
genuine but " WAFERS," having t h e words,                   "   DR. LOCOCK'S WAFERS,"                in the Government Stamp
outside every Box.
                        ALL PILLS UNDER SIMILAR NAMES ARE COUNTERFEITS,
