               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    "What name was it, as I wrote up, in the cart, sir?" said Mr. Barkis,
with a slow rheumatic smile.
    "Ah! Mr. Barkis, we had some grave talks about that matter,hadnYtwe?'"
    " I was willin' a long time, sir? " said Mr. Barkis.
    " A long time," said I.
    "And I don't regret it," said Mr. Barkis. "Do you remember what
you told me once, about her making all the apple parsties and doing all
the cooking ?"
    " Yes, very well," I returned.
    " It was as true," said Mr. Barkis, as turnips is. I t was as true,"
                                       '(

said Mr. Barkis, nodding his nightcap, which was his only means of
emphasis, " as taxes is. And nothing 's truer than them."
    Mr. Barkis turned his eyes upon me, as if for my assent to this result
of his reflections in bed ; and I gave it.
    " Nothing 's truer than them," repeated Mr. Barkis; " a man as poor as

I am finds that out in his mind when he 's laid up. I 'm a very poor
man, sir."
    &lt;' I am sorry to hear it, Mr. Barkis."
    cr A very poor man, indeed I am," said Mr. Barkis.
    Here his right hand came slowly and feebly from under the bedclothes,
and with a purposeless uncertain grasp took hold of a stick which was
loosely tied to the side of the bed. After some poking about with this
instrument, in the course of which his face assumed a variety of distracted
expressions, Mr. Barkis poked it against a box, an end of which had been
visible to me all the time. Then his face became composed.
    " Old clothes," said Mr. Barkis.
    " Oh !" said I.
    " I wish it was Money, sir," said Mr. Barkis.
    " I wish it was, indeed," said I.
    "But it AIN'T," said Mr. Barkis, opening both his eyes as wide as he
possibly could.
    I expressed myself quite sure of that, and Mr. Barkis, turning his eyes
more gently to his wife, said :
    " She's the usefullest and best of women, C. P. Barkis. All the praise
that any one can give to C. P. Barkis, she deserves, and more ! My dear,
you'll get a dinner to-day, for company; something good to eat and
 drink, will you ? "
    I should have protested against this unnecessary demonstration in my
honor, but that I saw Peggotty, on the opposite side of the bed, extremely
 anxious I should not. So I held my peace.
    "I have got a trifle of money somewhere about me, my dear," said Mr.
Barkis, "but I ' m a little tired. If you and Mr. David will leave me for
a short nap, I ' l l try and find it when I wake."
    We left the room, in compliance with this request. When we got out-
 side the door, Peggotty informed me that Mr. Barkis, being now "a little
 nearer" than he used to be, always resorted to this same device before
 producing a single coin from his store; and that he endured unheard-of
 agonies in crawling out of bed alone, and taking it from that unlucky box.
 I n effect, we presently heard him uttering suppressed groans of the most
 dismal nature, as this magpie proceeding racked him in every joint ; but
 while Peggotty's eyes were full of compassion for him, she said his
