360           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I was completely bewildered betwren Mr. Spenlow and Mr. Jorkins, as
to which of them really was the objecting partner; but I saw with suffi-
cient clearness that there was obduracy somewhere in the firm, and that
the recovery of my aunt's thousand pounds was out of the question. I n
a state of despondency, which 1 remember with anything but satisfaction,
for I know it still had too much reference to myself (though always in
connexion with Dora), I left the office, and went homeward.
   I was trying to familiarise my mind with the worst, and to present to
myself the arrangements we should have to make for the future in their
sternest aspect, when a hackney chariot coming after me, and stopping at
my very feet, occasioned me to look up. A fjir hand was stretched forth
to me from the window ; and the face I had never seen without a feeling of
serenity and happiness, from the moment when it first turned hack on the
old oak staircase with the great broad balustrade, and when I associated
its softened beauty with the stained glass window in the church, was
smiling on me.
   " Agnes ! " I joyfully exclaimed.      " Oh, my dear Agnes, of all people
in the world, what a pleasure to see you ! "
   " I s it, indeed ? " she said, in her cordial voice.

   " I want to talk to you so much ! " said I.      " It's such a lightening of

my heart, only to look at you ! If I had had a conjuror's cap, there is no
one I should have wished for but you ! "
   " What ? " returned Agnes.
   "Well ! perhaps Dora, first," I admitted, with a blush.
   " Certainly, Dora first, I hope," said Agnes, laughing.
   "But you next ! " said I. " Where are you going ? "
   She was going to my rooms to see my aunt. The day being very fine,
she was glad to come out of the chariot, which smelt (I had my head in it
all this time) like a stable put under a cucumber-frame. I dismissed the
coachman, and she took my arm, and we walked on together. She was
like Hope embodied, to me. How different I felt in one short minute,
having Agnes at my side !
   My aunt had written her one of the odd, abrupt notes-very              little
longer than a Bank note-to which her epistolary efforts were usually
limited. She had stated therein that she had fallen into adversity, and
was leaving Dover for good, but had quite made up her mind to it, and
was so well that nobody need be uncomfortable about her. Agnes had
come to London to see my aunt, between whom and herself there had
been a mutual liking these many years : indeed, it dated from the time of
my taking up my residence in Mr. Wickfield's house. She was not alone,
she said. Her papa was with her-and Uriah Heep.
   "And now they are partners," said I. " Confound him ! "
   " Yes," said Agnes. " They have some business here ; and I took
advantage of their coming, to come too. You must not think my visit all
friendly and disinterested, Trotwood, for-I am afraid I may be cruelly
prejudiced-I do not like to let papa go away alone, with him."
   " Does he exercise the same influence over Mr. Wickfield still, Agnes ? "

   Agnes shook her head. " There is such a change at home," said she,
 "that you would scarcely know the dear old house. They live with
US now."
    " They ? " said I.
