                          OF DAVID COPPEFLEIELD.

   Mr. Micawber was so very much struck by this happy rounding off
with a quotation, that he indulged himself, and us, with a second reading
of the sentence, under pretence of having lost his place.
   " ' I t is not my intention,' " he continued, reading on, " 'to enter on a
detailed list, within the compass of the present epistle (though it is ready
elsewhere), of the various malpractices of a minor nature, affecting the in-
dividual whom I have denominated Mr. W., to which I have been a tacitly
consenting party. My object, when the contest within myself between
stipend and no stipend, baker and no baker, existence and non-existence,
ceased, was to take advantage of my opportunities to discover and expose
the major malpractices committed, to that gentleman's grievous wrong
and injury, by-HEEP. Stimulated by the silent monitor within, and by a
no less touching and appealing inonitor without-to whom I will briefly
refer as Miss W.-I            entered on a not unlaborious task of clandestine
investigation, protracted now, to the best of my knowledge, information,
and belief, over a period exceeding twelve calendar months.' "
   He read this passage, as if it were from an Act of Parliament ; and
appeared majestically refreshed by the sound of the words.
   '"My charges against-HEEP,' " he read on, glancing at him, and
drawing the ruler into a convenient position under his left arm, in case of
need, " ' are as follows.' "
   We all held our breath, I think. I am sure Uriah held his.
   " ' First,' " said Mr. Micawber. " ' When Mr. W.'s faculties and memory
for business became, through causes into which it is not necessary or
expedient for me to enter, weakened and confused,-HEEP-designedly
perplexed and complicated the whole of the official transactions. When
Mr. W. was least fit to enter on business,-HEEP-was               always at hand to
force him to enter on it. IIe obtained Mr. W.'s signature under such cir-
cumstances to documents of importance, representing them to be other
documents of no importance. He induced Mr. W. to empower him to draw
out, thus, one particular sum of trust-money, amounting to twelve six
fourteen, two, and nine, and employed it to nieet pretended business charges
and deficiencies which were either already provided for, or had never really
existed. He gave this proceeding, thronghout, the appearance of having
originated in Mr. W.'s own dishonest intention, and of having been aeeom-
plished by Mr. W.'s own dishonest act; and has used it, ever since, to
torture and constrain him.' "
   " You shall prove this, you Copperfield ! " said Uriah, with a threatening

shake of the head. " All in good time !"
   " A s k - - H ~ ~ ~ - h f r . Traddles, who lived in his house after him," said
Mr. Micawber, breaking off from the letter ; " will you ? "
   " The fool himself-and           lives there now," said Uriah, disdainfully.
   " Ask-H~~p-if he ever kept a pocket-book in that house," said Mr.
Micawber ; " will you ? "
   I saw Uriah's lank hand stop, involuntarily, in the scraping of his chin.
   " Or ask him,"        said Mr. Micawber, "if he ever burnt one there. If
he says yes, and asks you where the ashes are, refer him to Willtins
Micawber, and he will hear of something not at all to his advantage ! "
   The triumphant flourish with which Mr. Micawber delivered himself of
these words, had a powerful effect in alarming the mother ; who cried out,
in much agitation :
