274            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 Commons, said Mr. Spenlow solemnly, in conclusion ; but when the price of
wheat per bushel had been highest, the Commons had been busiest ; and a
man might lay his hand upon his heart, and say this to thewhole world,-
 " Touch the Commons, and down comes the country !"
    I listened to all this with attention ; and though, I must say, I had
my doubts whether the country was quite as much obliged to the Com-
mons as Mr. Spenlow made out, I respectfully deferred to his opinion.
That about the price of wheat per bushel, I modestly felt was too much
for my strength, and quite settled the question. I have never, to this
hour, got the better of that bushel of wheat. I t has re-appeared to
 annihilate me, all through my life, in connexion with all kinds of subjects.
 I don't know now, exactly, what it has to do with me, or what right
 it has to crush me, on an infinite variety of occasions ; but whenever I
 see my old friend the bushel brought in by the head and shoulders (as he
always is, I observe), I give up a subject for lost.
    This is a digression. I was not the man to touch the Commons, and
bring down the country. I submissively expressed, by my silence, my
acquiescence in all I had heard from my superior in years and knowledge ;
and we talked about "The Stranger" and the Drama, and the pair of
horses, until we came to Mr. Spenlow's gate.
    There was a lovely garden to Mr. Spenlow's house ; and though that was
not the best time of the year for seeing a garden, it was so beautifully kept,
that I was quite enchanted. There was a charming lawn, there were
clusters of trees, and there were perspective walks that I could just
distinguish in the dark, arched over with trellis-work, on which shrubs
and flowers grew in the growing season. " Here Miss Spenlow walks by
herself," I thought. " Dear me !"
    We went into the house, which was cheerfully lighted up, and into a
hall where there were all sorts of hats, caps, great-coats, plaids, gloves,
whips, and walking-sticks. "Where is Miss Dora?" said Mr. Spenlow to
the servant. " Dora ! " I thought. " What a beautiful name ! "
    We turned into a room near at hand (I think it was the identical
breakfast-room, made memorable by the brown East Indian Sherry), and
I heard a voice say, " Mr. Copperfield, my daughter Dora, and my
daughter Dora's confidential friend ! " I t was, no doubt, Mr. Spenlow's
voice, but I didn't know it, and I didn't care whose it was. All was
over in a moment. I had fulfilled my destiny. I was a captive and a
slave. I loved Dora Spenlow to distraction !
    She was more than human to me. She was a Fairy, a Sylph, I don't
know what she was-any thing that no one ever saw, and every thing that
every body ever wanted. I was swallowed up in an abyss of love in an
instant. There was no pausing on the brink ; no looking down, or looking
back; I was gone, headlong, before I had sense to say a word to her.
    " I,"observed a well-remembered voice, when I had bowed and mur-
mured something, " have seen Mr. Copperfield before."
    The speaker was not Dora. No; the confidential friend. Miss
Murdstone !
    I don't think I was much astonished. To the best of my judgment, no
capacity of astonishment was left in me. There was nothing worth
mentioning in the material world, but Dora Spenlow, to be astonished
about. I said, " How do you do, Miss Murdstone? I hope you are
