                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           71
you the least offence, and the many reasons for not insulting whom
you are old enough and wise enough to understand," said Mr. Mell,
with his lip trembling more and more, you commit a mean and base
action. You can sit down or stand up as you please, sir. Copperfield,
go on."
    " Young Copperfield," said Steerforth, coming forward up the room,

"stop a bit. I tell you what, Mr. Mell, once for all. When you take
the liberty of calling me mean or base, or anything of that sort, you are
an impudent beggar. You are always a beggar, you know; but when you
do that, you are an impudent beggar."
    I am not clear whether he was going to strike Mr. Mell, or Mr. Me11 was
going to strike him, or there was any such intention on either side. I
saw a rigidity come upon the whole school as if they had been turned into
stone, and found Mr. Creakle in the midst of us, with Tungay at his
side, and Mrs. and Miss Creakle looking in at the door as if they were
frightened. Mr. Mell, with his elbows on his desk and his face in his
hands, sat, for some moments, quite still.
    " Mr. Mell," said Mr. Creakle, shaking him by the arm ; and his whisper
was so audible now, that Tungay felt it unnecessary to repeat his words ;
" you have not forgotten yourself, I hope? "
    "NO, sir, no," returned the Master, showing his face, and shaking his
head, and rubbing his hands in great agitation. " No, sir. No. I have
remembered myself, I-no, Mr. Creakle, I have not forgotten myself, I-
I have remembered myself, sir. I-I-could         wish you had remembered
me a little sooner, Mr. Creakle. It-it-would       have been more kind, sir,
more just, sir. It would have saved me something, sir."
    Mr. Creakle, looking hard at Mr. Mell, put his hand on TungayJs
shoulder, and got his feet upon the form close by, and sat upon the desk.
After still looking hard at Mr. Me11 from this throne, as he shook his
head, and rubbed his hands, and remained in the same state of agitation,
Mr. Creakle turned to Steerforth, and said :
    "Now, sir, as he don't condescend to tell me, what is this?"
    Steerforth evaded the question for a little while ; looking in scorn and
anger on his opponent, and remaining silent. I could not help thinking
even in that interval, I remember, what a noble fellow he was in appear-
ance, and how homely and plain Mr. Mell looked opposed to him.
    " What did he mean by talking about favorites, then !" said Steerforth
 at length.
    " Pavorites ? " repeated Mr. Creakle, with the veins in his forehead
 swelling quickly. " Who talked about favorites ? "
    " He did, " said Steerforth.

    " And pray, what did you mean by that, sir ? " demanded Mr. Creakle,
 turning angrily on his assistant.
     " I meant, Mr. Creakle," he returned in a low voice, "as I said; that

 no pupil had a right to avail himself of his position of favoritism to
 degrade me."
    " To degrade you ? " said Mr. Creakle.       " My stars ! But give me
leave to ask you, Mr. What's-your-name; " and here Mr. Creakle folded
his arms, cane and all, upon his chest, and made such a knot of his brows
 that his little eyes were hardly visible below them; "whether, when you
