                        OB DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   "I am not doing office-work, Master Copperfield," said Uriah.
   " What work, then ? " I asked.

   "I am improving my legal knowledge, Master Copperfield," said
Uriah. " I am going through Tidd's Practice. Oh, what a writer
Mr. Tidd is, Master Copperfield! "
   My stool was such a tower of observation, that as I watched him
reading on again, after this rapturous exclamation, and following up the
lines with his fore-finger, I observed that his nostrils, which were thin and
pointed, with sharp dints in them, had a singular and most uncomfortable
way of expanding and contracting themselves-that they seemed to
twinkle, instead of his eyes, which hardly ever twinkled at all.
   " I suppose you are quite a great lawyer ? " I said, after looking at him
for some time.
   " Me, Master Copperfield? " said Uriah.        " Oh, no ! I'm a very
umble person."
   I t was no fancy of mine about his hands, I observed; for he frequently
ground the palms against each other as if to squeeze them dry and warm,
besides often wiping them, in a stealthy way, on his pocket-handkerchief.
   " I am well aware that I am the umblest person going," said Uriah Heep,

modestly; "let the other be where he may. My mother is likewise a
very umble person. We live in a numble abode, Master Copperfield, but
have much to be thankful for. My father's former calling was umble.
He was a sexton."
   " What is he now? " I asked.
   "He is a partaker of glory at present, Master Copperfield," said Uriah
Heep. " But we have much to be thankful for. How much have I to be
thankful for, in living with Mr. Wickfield ! "
   I asked Uriah if he had been with Mr. Wickfield long?
   " I have been with him, going on four year, Master Copperfield," said
Uriah; shutting up his book, after carefully marking the place where he
had left off. " Since a year after my father's death. How much have I to
be thankful for, in that ! How much have I to be thankful for, in Mr.
Wickfield's kind intention to give me my articles, which would otherwise
not lay within the umble means of mother and self! "
   " Then, when your articled time is over, you'll be a regular lawyer, I
suppose ? " said I.
   " With   the blessing of Providence, Master Copperfield," returned
Uriah.
   "Perhaps you'll be a partner in Mr. Wickfield's business, one of these
days," I said, to make myself agreeable ; " and it will be Wickfield and
Heep, or Heep late Wickfield."
   " Oh, no, Master Copperfield," returned Uriah, shaking his head, " I
am much too umble for that ! "
   He certainly did look uncommonly like the carved face on the beam
outside my window, as he sat, in his humility, eyeing me sideways, with
his mouth widened, and the creases in his cheeks.
   "Mr. Wickfield is a most excellent man, Master Copperfield," said
Uriah. "If you have known him long, you know it, I am sure, much
better than I can inform you."
   I replied that I was certain he was ; but that I had not known him long
myself, though he was a friend of my aunt's.
