T             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPRRIENCE

    " Miss Trotwood," said the visitor. "You have heard of her, I dare
say ?"
   My mother answered she had had that pleasure. And she had a dis-
agreeable consciousness of not appearing to imply that it had been an
overpowering pleasure.
    " Now you see her," said Miss Betsey. My mother bent her head, and
begged her to walk in.
    They went into the parlor my mother had come from, the fire in the
best room on the other side of the passage not being lighted-not having
been lighted, indeed, since my father's funeral ; and when they were both
seated, and Miss Betsey said nothing, my mother, after vainly trying to
restrain herself, began to cry.
    " Oh tut, tut, tut !" said Miss Betsey, in a hurry.      " Don't do that!
Come, come !"
    My mother couldn't help it notwithstanding, so she cried until she had
had her cry out.
    " Take off your cap, child," said Miss Betsey, " and let me see you."

    My mother was too much afraid of her to refuse compliance with this
odd request, if she had any disposition to do so. Therefore she did as
she was told, and did it with such nervous hands that her hair (which was
luxuriant and beautiful) fell all about her face.
    " Why, bless my heart !" exclaimed Miss Betsey.         " You are a very
Baby !"
    My mother was, no doubt, unusually youthful in appearance even
for her years; she hung her head, as if it were her fault, poor thing,
and said, sobbing, that indeed she was afraid she was but a childish
widow, and would be but a childish mother if she lived. I n a short
pause which ensued, she had a fancy that she felt Miss Betsey touch her
hair, and that with no ungentle hand; but, looking at her, in her timid
hope, she found that lady sitting with the skirt of her dress tucked up,
her hands folded on one knee, and her feet upon the fender, frowning     - at
the fire.
    &lt;' I n the name of Heaven," said Miss Betsey, suddenly, " why Rookery ? "
    "DO you mean the house, ma'am? " asked my mother.
    "Why Rookery ? " said Miss Betsey. " Cookery would have been
more to the purpose, if you had had any practical ideas of Life, either of
y OU."
    &lt;&lt;Thename was Mr. Copperfield's choice," returned my mother.
 "When he bought the house, he liked to think that there were rooks
about it."
    The evening wind made such a disturbance just now, among some tall
 old elm-trees at the bottom of the garden, that neither my mother nor
 Miss Betsey could forbear glancing that way. As the elms bent to one
 another, like giants who were whispering secrets, and after a few seconds
 of such repose, fell into a violent flurry, tossing their wild arms about, as
 if their late confidences were really too wicked for their peace of mind,
 some weather-beaten ragged old rooksy-nests, burdening their higher
 branches, swung like wrecks upon a stormy sea.
     "Where are the birds? " asked Miss Betsey.
