8                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.


             P u b l h h e d euery Saturday, price Threepence,      or Stamped for Post, F o q e n c e ,


                           PUNCH;
       Illustrated with One Large Engraving, and from Twelve to Twenty
                                  smaller ones.
               A PART IS PUBLISHED EVERY MONTH, AND A VOLUME EVERY SIX MONTHS.

&@== Seaenteen V o l m e s are already Publis?~ed,and always kept on Sale, as well as all Back A'umbers and Parts.


  *,* F o r the convenience of persons wishing t o possess complete sets of this popular work, AN
EDITION IS PUBLISHED OF T H E FIRST FOURTEEN VOLUMES, HANDSOMELY
BOUND I N SEVEN, WITH GILT EDGES, PRICE                  51. 5s.; and parties possessing copies of this
Edition may purchase the Seventh Volume (comprising volumes 13 and 14) uniformly bound, price 16s.
These may be procured through any bookseller.


                                          P r i c e 3d.   ; Stamped, 4d.,

             PUNCH'S ALMANACK FOR                                                            1850,
                    Profusely Illustrated by JOHN LEECH and RICHARD DOYLE.



                             PUNCH'S                      ALMANACKS
F o r the Eight preceding Years have been collected, and are published in a handsome volume, price            2s.


      Works Published by the Writers and Artists of Punch.
                         ----
PUNCH'S POCKET-BOOK for 1850. PUNCH'S LETTERS TO HIS SON.
    With a Coloured Frontispiece on Steel, and many              By DOUGLAS
                                                                          JEBROLD.Price 6s.
                                  LEECH,RICHARD
     other Illustrations by J O H N
    DOYLE,and H. K . Bnowz-a~. Price 2s. 6d., roan,             THE STORY 03' A FEATHER.                          B~
    gilt edges.                                                  DOUGLAS
                                                                       JERROLD.Price 5s.
MANNERS AND CVSTOMS OF YE                                       PENDENNIS (THE HISTORY OF).
    ENGLYSHE IN 1849. BY RICHARDDOYLE. TO-                       By W. M. THACKERAY.      I n course of publication
    gether with some Extracts from Mr. Pips H I S                in Shilling Numbers.
    DIARY.Contributed by PsnclvAL LEIGH. Price 6s.
                                                                   **, volume I., price 13s. cloth, is now ready.
" YOUNG           TROUBLESOME ; On,              "              VANITY FAIR.            BY W. M.THACxERnY, Bvo.
    MASTER JACKy's HoL1OAYS.         I n a Series Of             21s. cloth ; 24s. 6d. half-bound morocco.
    Etchings on Steel. Designed and Etched by JOHN
    LEECH. Price 5s 6d. plain, 7s. 6d. coloured.                THE      GREAT            IIOGGARTY         DIA-
THE RISING GENERATION.                            B,,       /    MOND. By W. M . THACKERAY.Price 7s.
    J O H NLEECH. A Series of Coloured ~ r a w i u g s . j      THE BOOK OF SNOBS.                         By w   .~.
    Price 10s. 6d., or 1s. each, separately.                     THACKERAY.With Sixty Illustrations by the

    DOUGLAS
          JrnRoLD.        Post Bvo, price 76. cloth.        1   THE COMIC HISTORY OF ENG-
MRS. CAUDI,E9S CURTAIN LEC-                                      LAND. BYG.A.A9Bec~s=-r.Twovols.8~0,price
                                                                 21s. cloth. With 20 Coloured Illustrations and
    TURES. By DOUGLAS
                    JERROLD.Price 2s. 6d.                        numerous Woodcuts, by JOHN LEECH.
PUNCH'S COMPLETE L E T T E R                                    THE COMIC BLACKSTONE.                      BY G.A.
    WRITER. By DOUGLAS
                    JERPOLD.Price 2s. 6d.                        A'BBCKETT. Price   58.


                                    PUNCH OFFICE, 85, FLEET STREET.
