                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            529
 "Not so much so, as I could wish. But lawyers, sharks, and leeches, are
 not easily satisfied, you know! Not but what myself and Micawber have
 our hands pretty full, in general, on account of Mr. Wickfield's being
 hardly fit for any occupation, sir. But it 'S a pleasure as well as a duty, I
 am sure, to work for him. You 've not been intimate with Mr. Wickfield,
 I think, Mr. Traddles ? I believe I 've only had the honor of seeing you
 once myself ? "
         No, I have not been intimate with Mr. Wickfield," returned Traddles ;
 'l or I might perhaps have waited on yon long ago, Mr. Heep."

      There was something in the tone of this reply, which made Uriah look
 at the speaker again, with a very sinister and suspicious expression. But,
 seeing only Traddles with his good-natured face, simple manner, and hair
 on end, he dismissed it as he replied, with a jerk of his whole body, but
 especially his throat :
      " I am sorry for that, Mr. Traddles. You would have admired him as
 much as we all do. His little failings would only have endeared him to you
themore. But if you ~ ~ o u l d l ito
                                   k ehear my fellow-partner eloquently spoken
 of, I should refer you to Copperfield. The family is a subject he 'S very
 strong upon, if you never heard him."
      I was prevented from disclaiming the compliment (if I should have
done so, in any case), by the entrance of Agnes, now ushered in by Mr.
Micawber. She was not quite so self-possessed as usual, I thought; and had
evidently undergone anxiety and fatigue. But her earnest cordiality, and
her quiet beauty, shone with the gentler lustre for it.
      I saw Uriah watch her while she greeted us; and he reminded me of
an ugly and rebellious genie watching a good spirit. I n the meanwhile,
some slight sign passed between Mr. Micawber and Traddles; and
Traddles, unobserved except by me, went out.
     "Don't wait, Micawber," said Uriah.
    Mr. Micawber, with his hand upon the ruler in his breast, stood erect
before the door, most unmistakeably contemplating one of his fellow-men,
and that man his employer.
     " What are you waiting for? " said Uriah. " Micawber ! Did you hear
me tell you not to wait? "
     "Yes ! " replied the immovable Mr. Micawber.
     " Then why do you wait ? " said Uriah.

     "Because I-in      short choose," replied Mr. Micawber, with a burst.
    Uriah's cheeks lost colour, and an unwholesome paleness, still faintly
tinged by his pervading red, overspread them. H e looked at Mr. Micawber
attentively, with his whole face breathing short and quick in every feature.
    "' ou are a dissipated fellow, as all the world knows," he said, with an
effort at a smile, " and I am afraid you'll oblige me to get rid of you. Go
along ! I'll talk to you presently."
    "If there is a scoundrel on this earth," said Mr. Micawber, suddenly
breaking out again with the utmost vehemence, " with whom I have already
talked too much, that scoundrel's name is-HEEP ! "
    Uriah fell back, as if he had been struck or stung. Looking slowly
round upon us with the darkest and wickedest expression that his face
could wear, he said, in a lower voice :
    " Oho !     This is a conspiracy ! You have met here, by appointment !
You are playing Booty with my clerk, are you, Copperfield? Now, take
                                                             M M
