116           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   We had half-an-hour, I think, for tea. When I had money enough, I
used to get half-a-pint of ready-made coffee and a slice of bread and
butter. When I had none, I used to look at a venison-shop in Fleet-
street ; or I have strolled, at such a time, as far as Covent Garden Market,
and stared at the pine-apples. I was fond of wandering about the
Adelphi, because it was a mysterious place, with those dark arches. I
see myself emerging one evening from some of these arches, on a little
public-house close to the river, with an open space before it, where
some coal-heavers were dancing; to look at whom, I sat down upon a
bench. I wonder what they thought of me !
   I was such a child, and so little, that frequently when I went into the
bar of a strange public-house for a glass of ale or porter, to moisten what
I had had for dinner, they were afraid to give it me. I remember one hot
evening I went into the bar of a public-house, and said to the landlord :
   "What is your best-your very best-ale a glass? " For it was a
special occasion. I don't know what. It may have been my birth-day.
   " Twopence-halfpenny," says the landlord, "is the price of the Genuine
Stunning ale."
   " Then," says I, producing the money, "just draw me a glass of the
Genuine Stunning, if you please, with a good head to it."
   The landlord looked at me in return over the bar, from head to foot,
with a strange smile on his face ; and instead of drawing the beer, looked
round the screen and said something to his wife. She came out from
behind it, with her work in her hand, and joined him in surveying me.
Here we stand, all three, before me now. The landlord in his shirt
sleeves, leaning against the bar window-frame ; his wife looking over the
little half-door ; and I, in some confusion, looking up at them from out-
side the partition. They asked me a good many questions; as, what my
 name was, how old I was, where I lived, how I was employed, and how
 I came there. To all of which, that I might commit nobody, I invented,
I am afraid, appropriate answers. They served me with the ale, though
I suspect it was not the Genuine Stunning; and the landlord's wife,
opening the little half-door of the bar, and bending down, gave me my
money back, and gave me a kiss that was half admiring and half compas-
sionate, but all womanly and good, I am sure.
   I know I do not exaggerate, unconsciously and unintentionally, the scanti-
ness of my resources or the difficulties of my life. I know that if a shilling
were given me by Mr. Quinion at any time, I spent it in a dinner or a
tea. I know that I worked, from morning until night, with common men
and boys, a shabby child. I know that I lounged about the streets,
insufficiently and unsatisfactorily fed. I know that, but for the mercy of
God, I might easily have been, for any care that was taken of me, a little
robber or a little vagabond.
   Yet I held some station at Murdstone and Grinby's too. Besides that
Mr. Quinion did what a careless man so occupied, and dealing with a
thing so anomalous, could, to treat me as one upon a different footing from
 the rest, I never said, to man or boy, how it was that I came to be
 there, or gave the least indication of being sorry that I was there. That
 I suffered in secret, and that I suffered exquisitely, no one ever knew but
 I. How much I suffered, it is, as I have said already, utterly beyond my
 power to tell. But I kept my own counsel, and I did my work. I knew
