 Books Published or Sold by J. & D. A. DARLING,
                           126, BISHOPSGATE STREET




                            BY ALFRED ASHLEY.
Illustrated with Fourteen Etchings, by the Author. Elegantly bound in a Cover
               printed in Gold and Colours, designed by Owen Jones.
     The work of Mr. Ashley is chiefly addressed to the amateur. The text is accompanied by
 some beaut~fulexamples, etched with great del~ca but very effective.-Art J o m a L
     The etchings wh~chaccompan the author's Zervaaons possess great merit. They are in
 a variety of styles and cromprehendllandscape,marine sublects, andfigures, many executed with
 great beauty.-~t~wuImm



                        OLD LONDON BRIDGE.
                                 An Historical Romance.
               BY GEORGE HERBERT RODWELL, Esa
 Illustrated with Twenty-four Engravings by Ashley, and an elaborate Frontispiece
 of the Bridge, built by the Priest Architect, Peter of Colechurch, the first which
 ever crossed the River Thames, and which withstood the raging of nearly a million
 of floods, during the lapse of six entire centuries. Handsomely bound in the
 antique style. 14s.

 KING DOBBS : SKETCHES IN ULTRA-MARINE
                         BT 8AUEB EAHHAY9
 Late of Her Majesty's Navy, author of ' I Biscuits and Grog," " A Claret Cup," kc.
          Illustrated with numerous Engravings on Wood and SteeL 7s.

                NORTHCOTE'S F A B L E S ,
                                 BtifiineI mD: %~Iect
     Illustrated with Two Hundred and Eighty Engravings on Wood, with steel
                         Portrait of the Author, Price 6s.


       THE ART UNION PRIZE ANNUAL, 1848.
                   Handsomely bound in cloth, gilt, reduced to 21s.


                           MIND AND MATTER.
By Dr. MILLINGEN, author ofUCuriosities of Medical Experience," &c Cloth 6s.

                      DANGERS AND DUTIES.
A~      ~by CHARLOTTE
            l ~ ,     ELIZABETH                    Frontispiece by Gilbert.     Cloth 1s. 6d.

          T H E LOVER'S STRATAGEM.
  By HEINRICH ZSCHOKKE. Illustrated with One Hundred Woodcuts.
             Handsomely bound in enamelled Cover, 6s.
