                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           231
    I felt some curiosity and excitement about this lady, especially as
Steerforth burst into a fit of laughing when I referred to her, and posi-
tively refused to answer any question of which I made her the subject. I
remained, therefore, in a state of considerable expectation until the cloth
had been removed some half an hour, and we were sitting over our
decanter of wine before the fire, when the door opened, and Littimer, with
 his habitual serenity quite undisturbed, announced :
   !' Miss Mowcher ! "
    I looked at the doorway and saw nothing. I was still looking at the
doorway, thinking that Miss Mowcher was a long while making her
appearance, when, to my infinite astonishment, there came waddling round
a sofa which stood between me and it, a pursy dwarf, of about forty or
forty-five, with a very large head and face, a pair of roguish grey eyes,
and such extremely little arms, that, to enable herself to lay a finger archly
against her snub nose, as she ogled Steerforth, she was obliged to meet
the finger half-way, and lay her nose against it. Her chin, which was
what is called a double-chin, was so fat that it entirely swallowed up the
strings of her bonnet, bow and all. Throat she had none; waist she had
none ; legs she had none, worth mentioning; for though she was more
than full-sized down to where her waist would have been, if she had had
any, and though she terminated, as human beings generally do, in a pair
of feet, she was so short that she stood at a common-sized chair as at a
table, resting a bag she carried on the seat. This lady ; dressed in an
off-hand, easy style ; bringing her nose and her forefinger together, with
the difficulty I have described ; standing with her head necessarily on one
side, and, with one of her sharp eyes shut up, making an uncommonly
knowing face; after ogling Steerforth for a few moments, broke into a
torrent of words.
    " What ! My flower ! " she pleasantly began, shaking her large head
at him. "You 're there, are you ! Oh, you naughty boy, fie for shame,
what do you do so far away from home? Up to mischief, I'll be bound.
Oh, you 're a downy fellow, Steerforth, so you are, and I ' m another, ain't
I ? Ha, ha, ha ! You 'd have betted a hundred pound to five, now, that
you wouldn't have seen me here, wouldn't you? Bless you, man alive,
I 'm everywhere. I 'm here and there, and where not, like the conjuror's
half-crown in the lady's handkercher. Talking of hankerchers-and
talking of ladies-what a comfort you are to your blessed mother, ain't
you, my dear boy, over one of my shoulders, and I don't say which I "
    Miss Mowcher untied her bonnet, at this passage of her discourse, threw
back the strings, and sat down, panting, on a footstool in front of the fire
-making a kind of arbor of the dining-table, which spread its mahogany
shelter above her head.
    " Oh my stars and what's-their-names ! " she went on, clapping a hand

on each of her little knees, and glancing shrewdly at me, " I 'm of too
full a habit, that's the fact, Steerforth. After a flight of stairs, it gives
me as much trouble to draw every breath I want, as if it was a bucket of
 water. If you saw me looking out of an upper window, you'd think I
 was a fine woman, wouldn't you ?"
    "I should think that, wherever I saw you," replied Steerforth.
    " Go along, you dog, do !" cried the little creature, making a whisk at
 him with the handkerchief with which she was wiping her face, "and don't
