                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            283
from the action of her lips, again to murmur that it would be attended
to immediate.
   " I tell you what," said the milkman, looking hard at her for the first
time, and taking her by the chin, "are you fond of milk? "
   '' Yes, I Likes it," she replied.
   " Good," said the milkman. " Then yon won't have none to-morrow.
D 'ye hear ? Not a fragment of milk you won't have to-morrow."
   I thought she seemed, upon the whole, relieved, by the prospect of
having any to-day. The milkman, after shaking his head at her, darkly,
released her chin, and with any thing rather than good will opened his
can, and deposited the usual quantity in the family jug. This done, he
went away, muttering, and uttered the cry of his trade next door, in a
vindictive shriek.
   " Does Mi. Traddles live here?"       I then enquired.
   A mysterious voice from the end of the passage replied "Yes." Upon
which the youthful servant replied " Yes."
   " I s he at home ?"    said I.
   Again the mysterious voice replied in the affirmative, and again the
servant echoed it. Upon this, 1 walked in, and in pursuance of the
servant's directions walked up-stairs ; conscious, as I passed the back
parlor-door, that I was surveyed by a mysterious eye, probably belonging
to the mysterious voice.
   When I got to the top of the stairs-the house was only a story high
above the ground floor-Traddles was on the landing to meet me. He
was delighted to see me, and gave me welcome, with great heartiness, to
his little room. I t was in the front of the house, and extremely neat,
though sparely furnished. I t was his only room, I saw; for there was a
sofa-bedstead in it, and his blacking-brushes and blacking were among
his books-on the top shelf, behind a dictionary. His table was covered
with papers, and he was hard at work in an old coat. I looked at nothing,
that I know of, but I saw everything, even to the prospect of a church
upon his china inkstand, as I sat down-and this, too, was a faculty con-
firmed in me in the old Micawber times. Various ingenious arrangements he
had made, for the disguise of his chest of drawers, and the accommodation
of his boots,his shaving-glass, and so forth, particularly impressed themselves
upon me, as evidences of the same Traddles who used to make models of
elephant's dens in writing paper to put flies in; and to comfort himself,
under ill usage, with the memorable works of art I have so often mentioned.
   I n a corner of the room was something neatly covered up with a large
white cloth. I could not make out what that was.
   " Traddles," said I , shaking hands with him again, after I had sat
down. " I am delighted to see you."
   " I am delighted to see you, Copperfield," he returned.         " I am very

glad indeed to see you. I t was because I was thoroughly glad to see you
when we met in Ely Place, and was sure you were thoroughly glad to see
me, that I gave you this address instead of my address at chambers."
   " Oh ! You have chambers ?"        said I.
   " Why, I have the fourth of a room and a passage, and the fourth of a
clerk," returned Traddles. " Three others and myself unite to have a set
of chambers-to         look business-like -and we quarter the clerk too.
Half-a-crown a week he costs me."
