                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         149
me into a corner near her, and fenced me in with a chair, as if it were a
prison or a bar of justice. This position I continued to occupy during
the whole interview, and from it I now saw Mr. and Miss Murdstone
 enter the room.
    " Oh ! " said my aunt, " I was not aware at first to whom I had the
pleasure of objecting. But I don't allow anybody to ride over that turf. I
make no exceptions. I don't allow anybody to do it."
   " Your regulation is rather awkward to strangers," said Miss Murdstone.

   " I s it ! " said my aunt.
   Mr. Murdstone seemed afraid of a renewal of hostilities, and interposing
began :
    " Miss Trotwood ! "

   " I beg your pardon," observed my aunt with a keen look. " You are the
Mr. Murdstone who married the widow of my late nephew, David Copper-
field, of Blunderstone Rookery ?-Though why Rookery, I don't know !"
   " I am," said Mr. Murdstone.
   " You'll excuse my saying, sir,"     returned my aunt, " that I think it
would have been a much better and happier thing if you had left that
poor child alone."
   " I so far agree with what Miss Trotwood has remarked," observed

Miss Murdstone, bridling, "that I consider our lamented Clara to have
been, in all essential respects, a mere child."
   " I t is a comfort to you and me, ma'am," said my aunt, "who are
getting on in life, and are not likely to be made unhappy by our personal
attractions, that nobody can say the same of us."
   " No doubt ! " returned Miss Murdstone, though, I thought, not with

a very ready or gracious assent. "And it certainly might have been, as
you say, a better and happier thing for my brother if he had never entered
into such a marriage. I have always been of that opinion."
   " I have no doubt you have," said my aunt. " Janet," ringing the bell,
" my compliments to Mr. Dick, and beg him to come down."
   Until he came, my aunt sat perfectly upright and stiff, frowning at the
wall. When he came, my aunt performed the ceremony of introduction.
   " Mr. Dick.      An old and intimate friend. On whose judgment," said
my aunt, with emphasis, as an admonition to Mr. Dick, who was biting
his forefinger and looking rather foolish, " I rely."
   Mr. Dick took his finger out of his mouth, on this hint, and stood
among the group, with a grave and attentive expression of face. My aunt
inclined her head to Mr. Murdstone, who went on :
   " Miss Trotwood : on the receipt of your letter, I considered it an act

of greater justice to myself, and perhaps of more respect to you-"
   "Thank you," said my aunt, still eyeing him keenly. "You needn't
mind me."
   "To answer it in person, however inconvenient the journey," pursued
Mr. Murdstone, "rather than by letter. This unhappy boy who has run
away from his friends and his occupation-"
   " And whose appearance," interposed his sister, directing general atten-

tion to me in my indefinable costume, "is perfectly scandalous and
disgraceful."
   "Jane Murdstone," said her brother, " have the goodness not to
interrupt me. This unhappy boy, Miss Trotwood, has been the occasion
