                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            55
in my own mind to be fuller of wonders and wickedness than all the cities
of the earth, I need not stop here to relate. We approached it by degrees,
and got, in due time, to the inn in the Whitechapel district, for which we
were bound. I forget whether it was the Blue Bull, or the Blue Boar ;
but I know it was the Blue Something, and that its likeness was painted
up on the back of the coach.
   The guard's eye lighted on me as he was getting down, and he said at
the booking-office door :
    " I s there anybody here for a yoongster booked in the name of & h d -

stone, from BIoonderstone, Sooffolk, to be left till called for ?"
   Nobody answered.
    " Try Copperfield, if you please, sir," said I, looking helplessly down.

    " I s there anybody here for a yoongster, booked in the name of Murd-
stone,from Bloonderstone, Sooffolk, but owning to the name of Copperfield,
to be left till called for ?" said the guard. " Come ! 1s there anybody?"
   No. There was nobody. I looked anxiously around; but the enquiry
made no impression on any of the bystanders, if I except a man in gaiters,
with one eye, who suggested that they had better put a brass collar round
my neck, and tie me up in the stable.
   A ladder was brought, and I got down after the lady, who was like a
haystack : fiot daring to stir, until her basket was removed. The coach
was clear of passengers by that time, the luggage was very soon cleared
out, the horses had been taken out before the luggage, and now the coach
itself was wheeled and backed off by some hostlers, out of the way. Still,
nobody appeared, to claim the dusty youngster fromBlunderstone, Suffolk.
   More solitary than Robinson Crusoe, who had nobody to look at him
and see that he was solitary, I went into the booking-office, and, by invita-
tion of the clerk on duty, passed behind the counter, and sat down on the
scale at which they weighed the luggage. Here, as I sat looking at the
parcels, packages, and books, and inhaling the smell of stables (ever since
associated with that morning), a procession of most tremendous considera-
tions began to march through my mind. Supposing nobody should ever
fetch me, how long would they consent to keep me there? Would they
keep me long enough to spend seven shillings ? Should I sleep at night
in one of those wooden binns with the other luggage, and wash myself at
the pump in the yard in the morning; or should I be turned out every
night, and expected to come again to be left till called for, when the office
opened next day ? Supposing there was no mistake in the case, and Mr.
Murdstone had devised this plan to get rid of me, what should I do ? If
they allowed me to remain there until my seven shillings were spent, I
couldn't hope to remain there when I began to starve. That would obviously
be inconvenient and unpleasant to the customers, besides entailing on the
Blue Whatever-it-was, the risk of funeral expenses. If I started off at
once, and tried to walk back home, how could I ever find my way, how
could I ever hope to walk so far, how could I make sure of any one but
Peggotty, even if I got back ? If I found out the nearest proper authori-
ties, and offered myself to go for a soldier, or a sailor, I was such a little
fellow that it was most likely they wouldn't take me in. These thoughts,
and a hundred other such thoughts, turned me burning hot, and made me
giddy with apprehension and dismay. I was in the height of my fever
