                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           165
   cc Quite so," returned the other, cc-would    only have to say, that she
wanted such and such a thing to be so and so ; and it would be so and so,
as a matter of course."
    "And why as a matter of course, Mr. Maldon? " asked Mr. Wickfield,
sedately eating his dinner.
    " Why, because Annie's a charming young girl, and the old Doctor-
Doctor Strong, I mean-is         not quite a charming young boy," said
Mr. Jack Maldon, laughing. " No offence to anybody, Mr. Wickfield.
I only mean that I suppose some compensation is fair and reasonable, in
that sort of marriage."
   " Compensation to the lady, sir? " asked Mr. Wickfield gravely.
    "To the lady, sir," Mr. Jack Maldon answered, laughing. But
appearing to remark that Mr. Wickfield went on with his dinner in the
same sedate, immoveable manner, and that there was no hope of making
him relax a muscle of his face, he added :
    " However, I have said what I came back to say, and, with another

apology for this intrusion, I may take myself off. Of course I shall
observe your directions, in considering the matter as one to be arranged
between you and me solely, and not to be referred to, up at the Doctor's."
    " Have you dined? " asked Mr. Wickfield, with a motion of his hand
towards the table.
    " Thank'ee. I am going to dine," said Mr. Maldon, "with my cousin
Annie. Good bye ! "
    Mr. Wickfield, without rising, looked after him thoughtfully as he went
out. He was rather a shallow sort of young gentleman, I thought, with
a handsome face, a rapid utterance, and a confident, bold air. And this
was the first I ever saw of Mr. Jack Maldon ; whom I had not expected to
see so soon, when I heard the Doctor speak of him that morning.
    When we had dined, we went up-stairs again, where everything went
on exactly as on the previous day. Agnes set the glasses and decanters
in the same corner, and Mr. Wickfield sat down to drink, and drank a
good deal. Agnes played the piano to him, sat by him, and worked and
talked, and played some games at dominoes with me. I n good time she
made tea; and afterwards, when I brought down my books, looked into
them, and showed me what she knew of them (which was no slight matter,
though she said it was), and what was the best way to learn and under-
stand them. I see her, with her modest, orderly, placid manner, and I hear
her beautiful calm voice, as I write these words. The influence for all good,
which she came to exercise over me at a later time, begins already to
descend upon my breast. I love little Em'ly, and I don't love Agnes-no,
not at all in that way-but I feel that there are goodness, peace, and
truth, wherever Agnes is ; and that the soft light of the colored window in
 the church, seen long ago, falls on her always, and on me when I am near
 her, and on every thing around.
    The time having come for her withdrawal for the night, and she having
 left us, I gave Mr. Wickfield my hand, preparatory to going away myself.
 But he checkedme and said : &lt;' Should youlike to stay with us, Trotwood,
or to go elsewhere? "
    " To stay" I answered, quickly.

    " You are sure ? "
    " If you please.  If I may ! "
