                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                             89
marked in my mind, seems to have swallowed up all lesser recollections,
and to exist alone.
   I t is even difficult for me to believe that there was a gap of full two
months between my return to Salem House and the arrival of that birth-
day. I can only understand that the fact was so, because I know it must
have been so; otherwise I should feel convinced that there was no
interval, and that the one occasion trod upon the other's heels.
   How well I recollect the kind of day it was ! I smell the fog that hung
about the place ; I see the hoar frost, ghostly, through it ; I feel my rimy
hair fall clammy on my cheek; I look along the dim perspective of the
schoolroom, with a sputtering candle here and there to light up the foggy
morning, and the breath of the boys wreathing and smoking in the raw
cold as they blow upon their fingers, and tap their feet upon the floor.
   It was after breakfast, and we had been summoned in from the play-
ground, when Mr. Sharp entered and said :
   "David Copperfield is to go into the parlor."
   I expected a hamper from Peggotty, and brightened at the order. Some
of the boys about me put in their claim not to be forgotten in the distri-
bution of the good things, as I got out of my seat with great alacrity.
   " Don't hurry, David," said Mr. Sharp. " There 's time enough, my
boy, don't hurry."
   I might have been surprised by the feeling tone in which he spoke, if I
had given it a thought ; but I gave it none until afterwards. I hurried
away to the parlor; and there I found Mr. Creakle sitting at his breakfast
with the cane and a newspaper before him, and Mrs. Creakle with an
opened letter in her hand. But no hamper.
   " David Copperfield," said Mrs. Creakle, leading me to a sofa, and sitting
down beside me. " I want to speak to you very particularly. I have
something to tell you, my child."
   Mr. Creakle, at whom of course I looked, shook his head without looking
at me, and stopped up a sigh with a very large piece of buttered toast.
   "You are too young to know how the world changes every day," said
Mrs. Creakle, "and how the people in it pass away. But we all have to
learn it, David; some of us when we are young, some of us when we are
old, some of us at all times of our lives."
   I looked at her earnestly.
   " When you came away from home at the end of the vacation," said
Mrs. Creakle, after a pause, " were they all well ? " After another pause,
" Was your mama well ? "
   I trembled without distinctly knowing why, and still looked at her
earnestly, making no attempt to answer.
   "Because," said she, "I grieve to tell you that I hear this morning
your mama is very ill."
   A mist arose between Mrs. Creakle and me, and her figure seemed to
move in it for an instant. Then I felt the burning tears run down my
face, and it was steady again.
   " She is very dangerously ill," she added.
   I knew all now.
   " She is dead."

   There was no need to tell me so. I had already broken out into a
desolate cry, and felt an orphan in the wide world.
