                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          599
is, I need not say. I have always read something of her poor mother's
story, in her character; and so I tell it you to-night, when we three
are again together, after such great changes. I have told it all."
   His bowed head, and her angel face and filial duty, derived a more
pathetic meaning from it than they had had before. If I had wanted
anything by which to mark this night of our reunion, I should have
found it in this.
   Agnes rose up from her father's side, before long; and going softly
to her piano, played some of the old airs to which we had often listened
in that place.
    " Have you any intention of going away again ? " Agnes asked me, as

I was standing by.
    " What does my sister say to that ? "

    " I hope not."

    " Then I have no such intention, Agnes."
    " I think you ought not, Trotwood, since you ask me," she said, mildly.

"Your growing reputation and success enlarge your power of doing good ;
and if I could spare my brother," with her eyes upon me, " perhaps the
time could not."
    " What I am, you have made me, Agnes.         You should know best."
    " I made you, Trotwood? "

    " Yes ! A p e s , my dear girl ! " I said, bending over her. " I tried to

tell you, when we met to-day, something that has been in my thoughts
since Dora died. You remember, when you came down to me in our little
room-pointing upward, Agnes? "
    "Oh, Trotwood! " she returned, her eyes filled with tears. "So
loving, so confid~ng,and so young ! Can 1 ever forget ? "
    "As you were then, my sister, I have often thought since, you have
ever been to me. Ever pointing upward, Agnes; ever leading me to
something better ; ever directing me to higher things ! "
    She only shook her head; through her tears I saw the same sad
quiet smile.
    "And I am so grateful to you for it, Agnes, so bound to you, that
there is no name for the affection of my heart. I want you to know, yet
don't know how to tell you, that all my life long I shall look up to you,
and be guided by you, as I have been through the darkness that is past.
Whatever betides, whatever new ties you may form, whatever changes may
come between us, I shall always look to you, and love you, as I do now,
and have always done. You will always he my solace and resource, as you
have always been. Until I die, my dearest sister, I shall see you always
before me, pointing upward ! "
    She put her hand in mine, and told me she was proud of me, and of
what I said ; although I praised her very far beyond her worth. Then,
she went on softly playing, but without removing her eyes from me.
    "Do you know, what I have heard to-night, Agnes," said I, " strangely
seems to be a part of the feeling with which I regarded you when I saw
you first-with which I sat beside you in my rough school-days ? "
    "You knew 1 had no mother," she replied with a smile, "and felt
kindly towards me."
    " More than that, Agnes.     I knew, almost as if I had known this story,
