                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          325
and sleepless nights, was at her brother's, where she meant to stay till
morning. An old woman, who had been employed about the house for
some weeks past, while Peggotty had been unable to attend to it, was
the house's only other occupant besides myself. As I had no occasion
for her services, I sent her to bed, by no means against her will;
and sat down before the kitchen fire a little while, to think about
all this.
   I was blending it with the deathbed of the late Mr. Barkis, and was
driving out with the tide towards tlie distance at which Ham had looked
 so singularly in the morning, when I was recalled from my wanderings by
 a knock at the door. There was a knocker upon the door, but it was not
 that which made the sound. The tap was from a hand, and low down
 upon the door, as if it were given by a child.
   I t made me start as much as if it had been the knock of a footman to
a person of distinction. I opened the door; and at first looked down, to
my amazement, on nothing but a great umbrella that appeared to be
walking about of itself. But presently I discovered underneath it, Miss
Mowcher.
    I might not have been prepared to give the little creature a very kind
reception, if, on her removing the umbrella, which her utmost efforts were
unable to shut up, she had shown me the "volatile" expression of face
which had made so great an impression on me at our first and last meeting.
But her face, as she turned it up to mine, was so earnest ; and when I
relieved her of the umbrella (which would have been an inconvenient one
for the Irish Giant), she wrung her little hands in such an afflicted manner;
that I rather inclined towards her.
    "Miss Mowcher !" said I, after glancing up and down the empty street,
without distinctly knowing what I expected to see besides; " how do
you come here? What is the matter ?"
   She motioned to me, with her short right arm, to shut the umbrella for
her; and passing me hurriedly, went into the kitchen. When I had closed
the door, and followed, with the umbrella in my hand, I found her
sitting on the corner of the fender-it was a low iron one, with two flat bars
at top to stand plates upon-in the shadow of the boiler, swaying herself
backwards and forwards, and chafing her hands upon her knees like a
person in pain.
   Quite alarmed at being the only recipient of this untimely visit, and
the only spectator of this portentous behaviour, I exclaimed again:
" Pray tell me, Miss Mowcher, what is tlie matter! are you ill?

   " My dear young soul," returned Miss hlowcher, squeezing her hands

upon her heart one over the other. " I am ill here, I am very ill. To
think that it should come to this, when I might have known it and perhaps
prevented it, if I hadn't been a thoughtless fool !"
   Again her large bonnet (very disproportionate to her figure) went
 backwards and forwards, in her swaying of her little body to and fro;
 while a most gigantic bonnet rocked, in unison with it, upon the wall.
    " I am surprised," 1 began, " to see you so distressed and serious"--

 when she interrupted me.
    " Yes, it's always so !" she said.      " They are all surprised, these
 inconsiderate young people, fairly and full grown, to see any natural
