                       OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

That was the time, Mr. Murdstone, when she gave birth to her boy here,"
said my aunt ; "to the poor child you sometimes tormented her through
afterwards, which is a disagreeable remembrance, and makes the sight of
him odious now. Aye, aye ! you needn't wince ! " said my aunt, " I know
it's true without that."
    He had stood by the door, all this while, observant of her with a smile
upon his face, though his black eyebrows were heavily contracted. I
remarked now, that, though the smile was on his face still, his colour
had gone in a moment, and he seemed to breathe as if he had been run-
ning.
    " Good day, sir ! " said my aunt, " and good bye !    Good day to you
too, ma'am," said my aunt, turning suddenly upon his sister. "Let
me see you ride a donkey over my green again, and as sure as you
have a head upon your shoulders, I'll knock your bonnet off, and tread
upon it ! "
    I t would require a painter, and no common painter too, to depict my
aunt's face as she delivered herself of this very unexpected sentiment, and
Miss Murdstone's face as she heard it. But the manner of the speech,
no less than the matter, was so fiery, that Miss Murdstone, without a
word in answer, discreetly put her arm through her brother's, and walked
haughtily out of the cottage ; my aunt remaining in the window looking
after them ; prepared, I have no doubt, in case of the donkey's reappear-
ance, to carry her threat into instant execution.
    No attempt at defiance being made, however, her face gradually relaxed,
and became so pleasant, that I was emboldened to kiss and thank her;
which I did with great heartiness, and with both my arms clasped round
her neck. I then shook hands with Mr. Dick, who shook hands with me
a great many times, and hailed this happy close of the proceedings with
repeated bursts of laughter.
     "You'll consider yourself guardian, jointly with me, of this child,
Mr. Dick," said my aunt.
    " I shall be delighted," said Mr. Dick, " to be the guardian of David's

son."
    "Very good," returned my aunt, " that's settled. I have been
thinking, do you know, Mr. Dick, that I might call him Trotwood?"
     " Certainly, certainly. Call him Trotwood, certainly," said Mr. Dick.
 " David's son's Trotwood."
    " Trotwood Copperfield, you mean," returned my aunt.

     " Yes, to be sure. Yes. Trotwood Copperfield," said Mr. Dick, a little
 abashed.
     My aunt took so kindly to the notion, that some ready-made clothes,
 which were purchased for me that afternoon, were marked "Trotwood
 Copperfield," in her own handwriting, and in indelible marking-ink, before
 I put them on ; and it was settled that all the other clothes which were
 ordered to be made for me (a complete outfit was bespoke that afternoon)
 should be marked in the same way.
     Thus I began my new life, in a new name, and with everything new
 about me. Now that the state of doubt was over, I felt, for many days,
 like one in a dream. I never thought that I had a curious couple of
 guardians, in my aunt and Mr. Dick. I never thought of anything about
 myself, distinctly. The two things clearest in my mind were, that a
