                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.




                           CHAPTER LIV.


   THIS is not the time at which I am to enter on the state of my mind
beneath its load of sorrow. I came to think that the Future was walled
up before me, that the energy and action of my life were at an end, that I
never could find any refuge but in the grave. I came to think so, I say,
but not in the first shock of my grief. I t slowly grew to that. If the
events I go on to relate, had not thickened around me, in the beginning to
confuse, and in the end to augment, my affliction, it is possible, (though I
think not probable), that I might have fkllen at once into this condition.
As it was, an interval occurred before I fully knew my own distress; an
interval, in which I even supposed that its sharpest pangs were past ; and
when my mind could soothe itself by resting on all that was most innocent
and beautiful, in the tender story that was closed for ever.
   When it was first proposed that I should go abroad, or how it came to
be agreed among us that I was to seek the restoration of my peace in
change and travel, I do not, even now, distinctly know. The spirit of
Agnes so pervaded all we thought, and said, and did, in that time of sorrow,
that I assume I may refer the project to her influence. But her influence
was so quiet that I know no more.
   And now, indeed, I began to think that in my old association of her
with the stained-glass window in the church, a p~opheticforeshadowing of
what she would be to me, in the calamity that was to happen in the full-
ness of time, had found a way into my mind. I n all that sorrow, from the
moment, never to be forgotten, when she stood before me with her upraised
hand, she was like a sacred presence in my lonely house. When the
Angel of Death alighted there, my child-wife fell asleep-they told me so
when I could bear to hear it-on her bosom, with a smile. From my
swoon, I first awoke to a consciousness of her compassionate tears, her
words of hope and peace, her gentle face bending down as from a
purer region nearer Heaven, over my undisciplined heart, and softening
its pain.
    et me go on.
   I was to go abroad. That seemed to have been determined among us
from the first. The ground now covering all that could perish of my
departed wife, I waited only for what Mr. Micawber called the "final
pulverisation of Heep," and for the departure of the emigrants.
   At the request of Traddles, most affectionate and devoted of friends
in my trouble, we returned to Canterbury : I mean my aunt, Agnes, and I.
We proceeded by appointment straight to Mr. Mica~vber's house ; where,
and at Mr. Wickfield's, my friend had been labouring ever since our
explosive meeting. When poor Mrs. Micawber saw me come in, in my black
clothes, she was sensibly affected. There was a great deal of good in
