                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            45
     I could hear Peggotty crying softly on her side of the keyhole, as I was
doing on mine, before she answered. "No. Not very."
     " What is going to be done with me, Peggotty dear ?      Do you know ? "
     " School. Near London," was Peggotty's answer. I was obliged to get
her to repeat it, for she spoke it the f i s t time quite down my throat, in
consequence of my having forgotten to take my mouth away from the key-
hole and put my ear there ; and though her words tickled me a good deal,
I didn't hear them.
     cr When, Peggotty ? "
      " TO-morrow."

     "Is that the reason why Miss Murdstone took the clothes out of my
drawers ?" which she had done, though I have forgotten to mention it.
     " Yes," said Peggotty. " Box."
     " Shan't I see mama ? "
     " Yes," said Peggotty. " Morning."
     Then Peggotty fitted her mouth close to the keyhole, and delivered these
words through it with as much feeling and earnestness as a keyhole has
ever been the medium of communicating, I will venture to assert : shoot-
ing in each broken little sentence in a convulsive little burst of its own.
     " Davy, dear.   If I ain't ben azackly as intimate with you. Lately, as I
used to be. I t ain't becase I don't love you. Just as well and more, my
pretty poppet. It's because I thought it better for you. And for some one
else besides. Davy, my darling, are you listening ? Can you hear ? "
     " Ye-ye-ye-yes,       Peggotty !" I sobbed.
     " My own !" said Peggotty, with infinite compassion. " What I want
to say, is. That you must never forget me. For I 1' 1 never forget you. And
I 1' 1 take as much care of your mama, Davy. As ever I took of you. And I
won't leave her. The day may come when she '11 be glad to lay her poor
head. On her stupid, cross old Peggotty's arm again. And I'll write to
you, my dear. Though I ain't no scholar. And I 'll-I 'll-"            Peggotty
fell to kissing the keyhole, as she couldn't kiss me.
     "Thank you, dear Peggotty !" said I. &lt;' Oh, thank you ! Thank
you ! Will you promise me one thing, Peggotty ? Will you write and
tell Mr. Peggotty and little Em'ly and &s. Gummidge and Ham, that
I am not so bad as they might suppose, and that I sent 'em all my love-
especially to little Em'ly ? Will you, if you please, Peggotty ?"
     The kind soul promised, and we both of us kissed the keyhole with the
greatest affection-I patted it with my hand, I recollect, as if it had been
her honest face-and parted. From that night there grew up in my
breast, a feeling for Peggotty, which I cannot very well define. She did
not replace my mother; no one could do that; but she came into a
vacancy in my heart, which closed upon her, and I felt towards her some-
thing I have never felt for any other human being. I t was a sort of comical
affection too ; and yet if she had died, I cannot think what I should have
done, or how I should have acted out the tragedy it would have been
to me.
     I n the morning Miss Murdstone appeared as usual, and told me I was
going to school; which was not altogether such news to me as she
supposed. She also informed me that when I was dressed, I was to come
down-stairs into the parlor, and have my breakfast. There, I found my
