                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                                11

For Purifying the ~ l o o d
                          and Strength-                          T H E CONCERTINA easily AC-
     ening the Digestive Organs.                                        QUIRED.-SIMPSON'S       COTTAGE CONCER
                                                                 TINA. with 20 keys. price 42s.. has a deep rich
F R E N C H ' S i?ARSAPARILLA AND                                me~odioustone. w i t h S1mps0n.s BOO, of ~ n s t r u c t i o n s
        CHAMOMILE, a concentrated Fluid Extract of               any lady or gentleman can teach themselves to play
these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited               on this fashionable instrument, although they may he
for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-          previously unacquainted with music. This book is
gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting            forwarded post free o n receipt of 36 postage stamps
Fits, Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,              from Simpson's Concertina Manufactory. 266. Regent-
Rheumatic and Nervous Affections, and alllmpurities              street. Concertinas lent on hire, repaired, and ex-
of Blood caused by unhealthyclimates, too sedentary              changed.
a life, dissipation, and other causes. However dehili.
tated the system, or deep-rooted t h e disease, by the
diligent use of this purifying Medicine the energies
of the whole nervous system will be augmented, a
more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
produced, and feebleness, and all the deplorable
                                                                 K N O W T H Y SELF!-Professor
                                                                         BLENKINSOF'S
                                                                 R A C T E R Of
                                                                                        method of describing the Cx&-
                                                                                    from their H A N D - W R I T I N G never
symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength and               fails, being          on Philosophical principles. A
health be restored to the feeble and             by its                    of the ordinary Writing, stating Age, Sex,
restorative properties.-prepared         only by w A            and Profession, enclosing 13 uncut Postage Stamps.
FRBNCH, 309, Holhorn, two doors west of Chancery:               Will ensure an unerring description of t h e m e n t a l a n d
lane. Price 2s. gd., 4s. 6 d , lls., and 22s.                   moral qualities of the writer, pointing o u t gifts and
                                                                defects hitherto unsuspected, with their probable in-
                                                                fluence on the future life.
     EAIJTY.-The              thorn that veils the                Address, DR. BLENXINSOP.lo. Lancaster Place,
         primrose from our view is n o t more invidious         Water'o0 Bridge,
i n Nature t h a n superfluous Hair o n the Face, Neck,         ----
a n d Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
DER is the most certain and elegant preparation for
i t s removal-the genuine is perfectly innocent, is easy
and pleasant to use, and has been signed '6 G . H.
                                                                 D E $ ~ ~ ~ $ ~ ~
                                                                 ~INTMBN        TD PILLS.-" 1 publicly State that Pro-
                                                                               AN
HOGARD * * for the last 40 years. sold for the pro.              fessor Holloway's Pills and Ointment have cured m e
prietor, by M,. nooper,chemist, 24, ~           ~street,~        of several
                                                                      ~      ~ulcerous
                                                                                    l sores,
                                                                                          l which had their origin i n
Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, i n             imperfectly healed wounds received in t h e battle of
packets, price 4s. Double ditto, 7 ~ . ,or by post, free         Waterloo. The pain was of constant duration; a n d
for 50 or 88 Postage stamps.                                     I was confined to my bed always during t h e harvest
                                                                 months. I have now for t w o years been enjoying
                                                                 t h e best of health, solely in consequence of using
D I E T E T I C COCOA. -Dyspeptics                               Holloway's Pills and Ointment, which cured me in a
                                                                 very short time : in gratitude for which I ~ u b l i s h
      and persons of delicateconstitution are strongly
                 to use T A Y ~ O RBROTHERS, DIE-                this testimony. (Signed) I. DE SWART,of Lent on
TETIC COCOA, as being very superior to any preps.                the Vossepels, near Nymegen, Holland, 4th October.
ration of t h e Cocoa-nut hitherto introduced.                   1849.'-Sold      by all druggists, and a t Professor
article is manufactured on a                                     Holioway's Establishment, 244, strand, on don.
                                            p r i n c i p l ~   ~ ~
which the oily portions of the n u t a r e neutralised, a t
the same time its flavour, purity, and nutritious pro.                            INDIGESTION AVOIDED.
perties are maintained. I t is a n essential article of
                                                                         ESSRS. HARRIS AND SAUN-
diet for those under homczopathic treatment agrees
with the most delicate digestive organs, i s agreeable
and soothing to the nervous system, and proves a t
                                                                 M      DERS, Importers of the Everlent= Arabian
                                                                Food, 1s. 6 d . per Ib., and sole manufacturers of the
the same time both invigorating and refreshing.-                Arabian Digestive Biscuits, 1s. 9d. and 1s.perpacket.
Sold retail, in Ilh., hlb., a n d $lb. tinfoil packets a t      W. Herepath, Esq. in his analysis says " I t i s a
1s. 4d. per Ib., by most respectable ~ r o c e r and
                                                 s    &a-       nourishing food without giving any tendency t o
Dealers, and wholesale by TAYLOR BROTHERS,                      constipation."
a t their Mills, Brick-lane, and Wentworth-street,                  Wholesale Agents, DIETRICHSEN      &HANNA~,
London.                                                                          63. Oxford St., London.

       C H I L D R E N ' S FROCKS, COATS, A N D PELISSES;
                            In all t h e New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
                            large portion of which areexpressly adapted for School
                            Wear, a t SHEARMAN'S, 5, FINSBURY PAVEMENT,
                            LONDON (between the Bank and Finsbury Square].
                              SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view, from
                            the useful dress a t Is. Ild., 2s. 6d., 3s. 6 d . ; medium
                            5s. 6d., 7s. 6d.. 10s. 6 d . , 12s. 6 d . ; handsome, 15s. 6d.:
                            189. 6 d . , 21s. 6d., up to the richest goods made i n Silk
                            Velvets, Three, Four, and Five Guineas.
                              HOLLAND DRESSESof all kinds. Pinafores, IObd. ;
                            Frocks, Is. 6 d . , 1s. gd.; ditto, long sleeves, 2 s . gd.,
                            3s. 6d.; Blouses, 38. 6d., 4s. 6d., 5s. 6d.
                              MANTLES, PALETOTS, CLOAKS, JACKETS, and
                            SPENCERS, in great variety, adapted for all ages, two
                            years and upwards.
                      I N F A N T S ' C L O A K S , HOODS, H A T S , and B O N N E T S , L O N G
                    and S H O R T R O B E S , French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
                    Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric Night Caps, Open
                    and R o u n d Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets, with a
                    general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N , together with every article usually
                    required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating t h e trouble a n d
                    inconvenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops w h e n
                    JUVENILE C L O T H I N G is required.
                      *", A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording additional information, sent
                    free on t h e receipt of a paid Letter.
