                       OF DAVID COPPERPIELD.

   " Why, Lord bless my soul ! " exclaimed Mr. Omer, after being thrown

by his surprise into a fit of coughing, " you don't say so ! Minnie, my
dear, you recollect ? Dear me, yes-the party was a lady, I think ? "
   " My mother," I rejoined.
   " To-be-sure,"       said Mr. Omer, touching my waistcoat with his
forefinger, " and there was a little child too ! There was two parties.
The little party was laid along with the other party. Over at Blunder-
stone it was, of course. Dear me ! And how have you been since ? "
   Very well, I thanked him, as I hoped he had been too.
   " Oh ! nothing to grumble at, you know," said Mr. Omer. " I find
my breath gets short, but it seldom gets longer as a man gets older. I
take it as it comes, and make the most of it. That's the best way,
ain't it ? "
   Mr. Omer coughed again, in consequence of laughing, and was assisted
out of his fit by his daughter, who now stood close beside us, dancing her
smallest child on the counter.
   " Dear me ! " said Mr. Omer. " Yes, to be sure. Two parties !
Why, in that very ride, if you'll believe me, the day was named for my
Minnie to marry Joram. 'Do name it, sir,' says Joram. 'Yes, do,
father,' says Minnie. And now he's come into the business. And look
here ! The youngest ! "
   Minnie laughed, and stroked her banded hair upon her temples, as her
father put one of his fat fingers into the hand of the child she was dancing
on the counter.
   " Two parties, of course ! " said M i . Omer, nodding his head retro-

spectively. " Ex-actly so ! And Joram 's at work, at this minute, on a
grey one with silver nails, not this measurement "-the measurement of
the dancing child upon the counter-" by a good two inches.-Will you
take something? "
   I thanked him, but declined.
   "Let me see," said Mr. Omer. " Barkis's the carrier's wife-Peg-
gotty 's the boatman's sister-she had something to do with jour family?
She was in service there, sure ? "
   My answering in the affirmative gave him great satisfaction.
   " I believe my breath will get long next, my memory's getting so
much so," said Mr. Omer. "Well, sir, we 've got a young relation of
hers here, under articles to us, that has as elegant a taste in the dress-
making business-I assure you I don't believe there's a Duchess in
England can touch her."
   " Not little Em'ly ? " said I, involuntarily.

   " Em'ly 's her name," said Mr. Omer, " and she's little too.       But if
you 1' 1 believe me, she has such a face of her own that half the women in
this town are mad against her."
   " Nonsense, father ! " cried Minnie.
   " My dear," said Mr. Omer, "I don't say it's the case with you,"

winking at me, " but I say that half the women in Yarmouth-ah ! and
in five mile round-are mad against that girl."
   "Then she should have kept to her own station in life, father," said
Minnie, " and not have given them any hold to talk about her, and then
they couldn't have done it."
   " Couldn't have done it, my dear ! " retorted Mr. Omer. '' Couldn't
