86             THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 afterwards ; that she was not only ceaselessly afraid of her own offending,
 but of my offending, and uneasily watched their looks if I only moved.
 Therefore I resolved to keep myself as much out of their way as I could;
 and many a wintry hour did I hear the church-clock strike, when I was
 sitting in my cheerless bedroom, wrapped in my little great-coat, poring
 over a book.
    I n the evening, sometimes, I went and sat with Peggotty in the kitchen.
 There I was comfortable, and not afraid of being myself. But neither of
these resources was approved of in the parlor. The tormenting humor
which was dominant there stopped them both. I was still held to be
necessary to my poor mother's training, and, as one of her trials, could
not be suffered to absent myself.
    "David," said Mr. Murdstone, one day after dinner when I was going
to leave the room as usual; " I am sorry to observe that you are of a
sullen disposition."
    "As sulky as a bear !" said Miss Murdstone.
    I stood still, and hung my head.
    " Now, David," said Mr. Murdstone, " a sullen obdurate disposition is,
of all tempers, the worst."
    "And the boy's is, of all such dispositions that ever I have seen,"
remarked his sister, " the most confirmed and stubborn. I think, my
dear Clara, even you must observe it ? "
    " I beg your pardon, my dear Jane," said my mother, "but are you
quite sure-I am certain you'll excuse me, my dear Jane-that you
understand Davy ? "
    " I should be somewhat ashamed of myself, Clara," returned Miss
Murdstone, " if I could not understand the boy, or any boy. I don't
profess to be profound; but I do lay claim to common sense."
    "No doubt, my dear Jane," returned my mother, " your understanding
is very vigorous-"
    " Oh dear, no ! Pray don't say that, Clara," interposed Miss Murdstone,

angrily.
    "But I am sure it is," resumed my mother ; "and everybody knows it
is. I profit so much by it myself, in many ways-at least I ought to-
that no one can be more convinced of it than myself; and therefore1
speak with great diffidence, my dear Jane, I assure you."
    " We 1' 1 say I don't understand the boy, Clara," returned Miss Murd-
stone, arranging the little fetters on her wrists. "We'll agree, if you
please, that I don't understand him at all. He is much too deep for
me. But perhaps my brother's penetration may enable him to have some
insight into his character. And I believe my brother was speaking on
the subject when we-not very decently-interrupted him."
    "I think, Clara," said Mr. Murdstone, in a low, grave voice, " that there
may be better and more dispassionate judges of such a question than you."
    " Edward," replied my mother, timidly, " you are a far better judge of
all questions than I pretend to be. Both you and Jane are. I only said-"
    " You only said something weak and inconsiderate," he replied. " Try
not to do it again, my dear Clara, and keep a watch upon yourself."
    My mother's lips moved, as if she answered " Yes, my dear Edward,"
but she said nothing aloud.
    " I was sorry, David, I remarked," said Mr. Murdstone, turning his head
