                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

in it that quite subdued me. I sat looking at her as she cast her eyes
down on her work; I sat seeming still to listen to her; and Steerforth,
in spite of all my attachment to him, darkened in that tone.
    " I t is very bold in me," said Agnes, looking up again, "who have
lived in such seclusion, and can know so little of the world, to give you
my advice so confidently, or even to have this strong opinion. But I
know in what it is engendered, Trotwood,-in how true a remembrance
of our having grown up together, and in how true an interest in all
relating to you. It is that which makes me bold. I am certain that what
I say is right. I am quite sure it is. I feel as if it were some one else
speaking to you, and not I, when I caution you that you have made a
dangerous friend."
    Again I looked at her, again I listened to her after she was silent, and
again his image, though it was still fixed in my heart, darkened.
    " I am not so unreasonable as to expect," said Agnes, resuming her

usual tone, after a little while, "that you will, or that you can, at once,
change any sentiment that has become a conviction to you; least of all a
sentiment that is rooted in your trusting disposition. You ought not
hastily to do that. I only ask you, Trotwood, if you ever think of me-
Imean" with a quiet smile, for I was going to interrupt her, and she
knew why " as often as you think of me-to think of what I have said.
Do you forgive me for all this ? "
    " I will forgive you, Agnes," I replied,       "when you come to do
Steerforth justice, and to like him as well as I do."
    " Not until then? " said Agnes.

    I saw a passing shadow on her face when I made this mention of him,
but she returned my smile, and we were again as unreserved in our
 mutual confidence as of old.
    " And when, Agnes," said I, "will you forgive me the other night ?"
    "When I recall it," said Agnes.
    She would have dismissed the subject so, but I was too full of it to
 allow that, and insisted on telling her how it happened that I had dis-
 graced myself, and what chain of accidental circumstances had had the
 theatre for its final link. I t was a great relief to me to do this, and to
 enlarge on the obligation that I owed to Steerforth for his care of me
 when I was unable to take care of myself.
    " You must not forget," said Agnes, calmly changing the conversation
 as soon as I had concluded, " that you are always to tell me, not only
 when you fall into trouble, but when you fall in love. Who has succeeded
 to Miss Larkins, Trotwood ? "
    ('No one, Agnes."
    "Some one, Trotwood," said Agnes, laughing, and holding up her
 finger.
    " No, Agnes, upon my word ! There is a lady, certainly, at Mrs.
  Steerforth's house, who is very clever, and whom I like to talk to-Miss
 Dartle-but I don't adore her."
    Agnes laughed again at her own penetration, and told me that if I were
 faithful to her in my confidence she thought she should keep a little register
 of my violent attachments, with the date, duration, and termination of
 each, like the table of the reigns of the kings and queens, in the History
 of England. Then she asked me if I had seen Uriah.
                                                            s 2
