550            THE PERSONAL SISTORY          AND EXPERIENCE

of unintentional confusion in the first place, and of wilful confusion and
falsification in the second, we take it to be clear that Mr. Wickfield might
now wind up his business, and his agency-trust, and exhibit no deficiency
 or defalcation whatever."
    " Oh, thank Heaven ! " cried Agnes, fervently.
    " But," said Traddies, "the surplus that would be left as his means
of support-and I suppose the house to be sold, even in saying this-
would be so small, not exceeding in all probability some hundreds of
pounds, that perhaps, Miss Wickfield, it would be best to consider whether
he might not retain his agency of the estate to which he has so long been
receiver. His friends might advise him, you know; now he is free. You
yourself, Miss Wickfield-Copperfield-I-"
    " I have considered it, Trotwood," said Agnes, looking to me, " and

I feel that it ought not to be, and must not be ; even on the recommenda-
tion of a friend to whom I am so grateful, and owe so much."
    " I will not say that I recommend it," obserred Traddles. " I think
it right to suggest it. No more."
    " I am happy to hear you say so," answered Agnes, steadily, "for it
gives me hope, almost assuranee, that we think alike. Dear Mr. Traddles
and dear Trotwood, papa once free with honor, what could I wish for !
I have always aspired, if I could have released him from the toils in which
he was held, to render back some little portion of the love and care I owe
him, and to devote my life to him. I t has been, for years, the utmost
height of my hopes. To take our future on myself, will be the next
great happiness-the next to his release from all trust and responsibility
-that I can know."
    " Have you thought how, Agnes ? "

    " Often ! I am not afraid, dear Trotwood. I am certain of success.
So many people know me here, and think kindly of me, that I am certain.
Don't mistrust me. Our wants are not niany. If I rent the dear old
 house, and keep a school, I shall be useful and happy."
    The calm fervor of her cheerful voice brought back so vividly, first the
dear old house itself, and then my solitary home, that my heart was too
full for speech. Traddles pretended for a little while to be busily looking
among the papers.
    " Next, Miss Trotwood," said Traddles, "that property of yours."
    "Well, sir," sighed my aunt. "All I have got to say about it, is,
that if it 'S gone, I can bear i t ; and if it 'S not gone, I shall be glad to get
it back."
    'cI t was originally, I think, eight thousand pounds, Consols ? " said
Traddles.
    " Right ! " replied my aunt.

    " I can't account for more than five," said Traddles, with an air of
perplexity.
    "-thousand,       do you mean?" inquired my aunt, with uncommon
composure, " or pounds ? "
    " Five thousand pounds," said Traddles.

      I t was all there was," returned my aunt. " I sold three, myself.
 One, I paid for your articles, Trot, my dear; and the other two I have by
me. When I lost the rest, I thought it wise to say nothing about that
