8                                                ADVERTISEMENTS.
 ----                                                   --                                                           -




                 ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
THEeconomy both in the cost and wear of this Umbrella has been fully
borne out by the experience of these last 18 months, and which can be
testified by some thousands of purchasers to whom they have given universal
 satisfaction. They may be obtained of most Umbrella Dealers in the
'United -Kingdom, from 10s. 6d. each.
          W. & J. SANOBTER, Patentees, 140, Regent-street,
                                              94, Fleet-street,
                                              10, Royal Exchange.
                                Warehouse, 75, Cheapside.
             CHEAP SILK UMBRELLAS, from 7s. each.
   N.B.     Certain parties who are not licensed by the Patentees of the
Alpaca Umbrella have been selling an inferior imitation of it. The public
are therefore requested to observe that the Patentees' names are affixed
inside each Umbrella.
                                             E SPECIAL APPOI#TMEBCT
                                                     The QUEEN,
                                                H. R. H. Prince Albert,
                                                   Queen Adelaide,
                                                 King Louis Philippe,
                                                        and the
                                                   Duchess of Kent.
     WATERPROOFERS TO
        THE QUEEN.                  --       0 U             DN EY                  S.      GREAT COATMAKERSTO
                                                                                               PRINCE ALBERT.
  The efforts of the Doudneys to overcome old fashioned prejudices having resulted in their obtaining the
Patronage and unqualified approbation of the principal Sovereigns, Royalty and ~ ~ b i lofi tE ~  ~ they ~henceforth
                                                                                                                 ~            ~   ~
Proudly point to this fact, and say, BEHOLD
                                          THE TRIUMPHOF CASHPAYMENTS          OvEa THE OLD c K E DSYS.,.E~I
                                                                                                      x~        ~~d
forgetnot, that,-To     b e Cheap things must be
  The Queens Vlctoria and Adelaide and the Royal and Noble Duchesses of Kent and Cambridge
Sutherland and Bnccleuch, constantly wear ~oudney's'elegant Registered Cloak in a variety of Waterproof
materials for Winter Wraps and the Promenade.-" Every Lady should see these graceful Aarments." (Via% 1Korniag-
Post, Sep. 26th.) They surpass all others as School Cloaks for the Sons and Daughters.
  For Gentlemen.-The Royal Registered Cloak, as made for H.R H . PrinceAlbert the Nobility the Army
and Navy, and all who study comfort, coupled with a truly Gentlemanly exterior. These cloa$s are pronounbed by thoset
who understand the matter, ' l The most sensible Garment ever introduced,"at prices to suit all
customers from the Superb down to the useful Guinea Cloak.

 H a b i t Makers by Special Appointment to Queen Victoria, and the Emlies of
the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas.

  The New Patent Belt for Biding orgeneral exercise, the only really effectual protection against rupture,
thesupport commencingat thebottom edgeof the belt, and producing an uniform upward pressure. They may be enlarged
or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce indigestion either in Ladies or Gentlemen. They
are attached to Drawers with excellent effect. The most eminent of the Faculty are recomu~endingthose in preference
    -.."
       .-.---.
      "them
  n 211
i"-

    LIVERIES. Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                  Ready Money does it /!/   and a very extensive
practice among families of first distinction insures satisfactory results.

   Waterproof Irish Poplin.- he                      DOUDNEYS                  are the sole manufacturers of this beautiful
article to HER MqJESTY AND 1 H E PRINCE CONSORT.                      Gentlemen's Coats, Ladies' Cloaks, and lengths for
Dresses can be obtalned only at then Establishments,

                                 O L D B O N D STREET,IYZI
                            9Extwding into BURLINGTON ARCADE. (No. 2 5 . ) and at                             mne




                     Ladies and Gentlemen in the Country should sendfor a book ofdetails.
