                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

   I pray Heaven that I never may forget the dear girl in her love and
truth, at that time of my life; for if I should, I must be drawing near the
end, and then I would desire to remember her best ! She filled my heart
with such good resolutions, strengthened my weakness so, by her example,
so directed-I know not how, she was too modest and gentle to advise
me in many words-the wandering ardor and unsettled purpose within
me, that all the little good I have done, and all the harm I have forborne,
I solemnly believe I may refer to her.
   And how she spoke to me of Dora, sitting at the window in the dark ;
listened to my praises of her ; praised again; and round the little fairy-
figure shed some glimpses of her own pure light, that made it yet more
precious and more innocent to me ! Oh, Agnes, sister of my boyhood,
if I had known then, what I knew long afterwards !-
   There was a beggar in the street, when I went down; and as I turned
my head towards the window, thinking of her calm, seraphic eyes, he
made me start by muttering, as if he were an echo of the morning :
    " Blind ! Blind ! Blind ! "




                          CHAPTER XXXVI.
                               ENTHUSIASM.

    I BEGAN the next day with another dive into the Roman bath, and then
 started for Highgate. I was not dispirited now. I was not afraid of the
shabby coat, and had no yearnings after gallant greys. My whole manner
 of thinking of our late misfortune was changed. What I had to do, was,
to show my aunt that her past goodness to me had not been thrown away
on an insensible, ungrateful object. What I had to do, was, to turn the
painful discipline of my younger days to account, by going to work with
a resolute and steady heart. What I had to do, was, to take my wood-
man's axe in my hand, and clear my own way through the forest of diffi-
culty, by cutting down the trees until I came to Dora. And I went on
at a mighty rate, as if it could be done by walking.
    When I found myself on the familiar Highgate road, pursuing such a
different errand from that old one of pleasure, with which it was associated,
it seemed as if a complete change had come on my whole life. But that
did not discourage me. With the new life, came new purpose, new inten-
tion. Great was the labor ; priceless the reward. Dora was the reward,
and Dora must be won.
    I got intosuch a transport, that I felt quite sorry my coat was not a
little shabby already. I wanted to be cutting at those trees in the forest
of difficulty, under circumstances that should prove my strength. I had
a good mind to ask an old man, in wire spectacles, who was breaking
stones upon the road, to lend me his hammer for a little while, and let me
begin to beat a path to Dora out of granite. I stimulated myself into
such a heat, and got so out of breath, that I felt as if I had been earning
