                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           37
 tion, my mother suddenly began to cry, and said she thought she might
 have been consulted.
     '&lt; Clara!" said Mr. Murdstone sternly.     " Clara ! I wonder at you."

      " Oh, it's very well to say you wonder, Edward !" cried my mother,
   and it's very well for you to talk about firmness, but you wouldn't like
it yourself."
    Firmness, I may observe, was the grand quality on which both Mr. and
Miss Murdstone took their stand. However I might have expressed my
 comprehension of it at that time, if I had been called upon, I nevertheless
 did clearly comprehend in my own way, that it was another name for
tyranny ; and for a certain gloomy, arrogant, devil's humour, that was in
them both. The creed, as I should state it now, was this. Mr. Murd-
stone was firm ; nobody in his world was to be so firm as Mr. Murdstone ;
nobody else in his world was to be firm at all, for everybody was to be
bent to his firmness. Miss Murdstone was an exception. She might be
firm, but only by relationship, and in an inferior and tributary degree. My
mother was another exception. She might be firm, and must be; but
 only in bearing their firmness, and firmly believing there was no other
firmness upon earth.
    " It's very hard," said my mother, "that in my own house-"

    "My own house?" repeated Mr. Murdstone. " Clara!"
    " Our own house, I mean," faltered my mother, evidently frightened
-" I hope you must know what I mean, Edward-it 's very hard that in
your own house I may not have a word to say about domestic matters.
I am sure I managed very well before we were married. There's evi-
dence," said my mother, sobbing ; " ask Peggotty if I didn't do very well
when I wasn't interfered with !"
    " Edward," said Miss Murdstone, " let there be an end of this. I go
to-morrow."
    " Jane Murdstone,"      said her brother, "be silent ! How dare you to
insinuate that you don't know my character better than your words imply ? "
    " I am sure," my poor mother went on, at a grievous disadvantage, and
with many tears, " I don't want anybody to go. I should be very
miserable and unhappy if anybody was to go. I don't ask much. I am
not unreasonable. I only want to be consulted sometimes. I am very
much obliged to anybody who assists me, and I only want to be consulted
as a mere form, sometimes. I thought you were pleased, once, with my
being a little inexperienced and girlish, Edward-I am sure you said so-
but you seem to hate me for it now, you are so severe."
    " Edward," said Miss Murdstone,-again,- - " let there be an end of this.
I go to-moGow."
    c c Jane Murdstone," thundered Mr. Murdstone.       "Will you be silent?
How dare you ? "
    Miss Murdstone made a jail-delivery of her pocket-handkerchief, and
held it before her eyes.
    " Clara," he continued, looking at my mother, " you surprise me ! You

 astound me ! Yes, I had a satisfaction in the thought of marrying an
 inexperienced and artless person, and forming her character, and infusing
 into it some amount of that firmness and decision of which it stood in
 need. But when Jane Murdstone is kind enough to come to my assistance
