468          TIIE PERSONAL HISTOEY AND EXPERIENCE

   (" Confound the woman ! " said my aunt, "she zcon't be quiet ! ")
   '(I never thought," proceeded Annie, with a heightened color, "of any
worldly gain that my husband would bring to me. My young heart had
no room in its homage for any such poor reference. Mama, forgive me
when I say that it was you who first presented to my mind the thought
that any one could wrong me, and wrong him, by such a cruel suspicion."
   " Me ! " cried Mrs. Markleham.
   (" Ah ! You, to be sure ! " observed my aunt, "and you can't fan it
away, my military friend ! ")
   " I t was the first unhappiness of my new life," said Annie.       " I t was
the first occasion of every unhappy moment I have known. Those moments
have been more, of late, than I can count; but not-my                 generous
husband !-not for the reason you suppose; for in my heart there is not
a thought, a recollection, or a hope, that any power could separate
from you ! "
   She raised her eyes, and clasped her hands, and looked as beautiful and
true, I thought, as any Spirit. The Doctor looked on her, henceforth, as
stedfastlg as she on him.
   "Mama is blameless," she went on, "of having ever urged you for
herself, and she is blameless in intention everyway, I am sure,-but when
I saw how many importunate claims that were no claims were pressed upon
you in my name; how you were traded on in my name; how generous
you were, and how Mr. MTickfield,who had your welfare very much at
heart, resented i t ; the first sense of my exposure to the mean suspicion that
my tenderness was bought-and sold to you, of all men, on earth-fell
upon me, like unmerited disgrace, in which I forced you to participate.
I cannot tell you what it was-mama cannot imagine what it was-to have
this dread and trouble always on my mind, yet know in my own soul that
on my marriage-day I crowned the love and honor of my life ! "
    " A specimen of the thanks one gets," cried Mrs. Markleham, in tears,

" for taking care of one's family ! I wish I was a Turk ! "
   (" I wish you were, with all my heart-and in your native country ! "
said my aunt).
    " I t was at that time that mama was most solicitous about my Cousin

Maldon. I had liked him : " she spoke softly, but without any hesitation :
 "very much. We had been little lovers once. If circumstances had
not happened otherwise, I might have come to persuade myself that I
really loved him, and might have married him, and been most wretched.
Therecau be no disparity inmarriage like unsuitability of mind and purpose."
    I pondered on those words, even while I was studiously attending to
 what followed, as if they had some particular interest, or some strange
application that I could not divine. "There can be no disparity in mar-
riage like unsuitability of mind and purpose "-" no disparity in marriage
like unsuitability of mind and purpose."
    "There is nothing," said Annie, "that we have in common. I have
 long found that there is nothing. If I were thankful to my husband for
 no more, instead of for so much, I should be thankful to him for having
 saved me from the first mistaken impulse of my undisciplined heart."
    She stood quite still, before the Doctor, and spoke with an earnestness
 that thrilled me. Yet her voice was just as quiet as before,
