                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                           549
    "But even that is not all," said I. "During the last fortnight, some
 new trouble has vexed her; and she has been in and out of London every
 day. Several times she has gone out early, and been absent until evening.
 Last night, Traddles, with this journey before her, it was almost midnight
 before she came home. You know what her consideration for others is.
 She will not tell me what has happened to distress her."
   My aunt, very pale, and with deep lines in her face, sat immovable
 until I had finished ; when some stray tears found their way to her cheeks,
 and she put her hand on mine.
   " I t 'S nothing, Trot ; it 'S nothing. There will be no more of it. You
 shall know by and by. Now Agnes, my dear, let us attend to these
affairs."
   "I must do Mr. Micawber the justice to say," Traddles began, 'c that
although he would appear not to have worked to any good account for
himself, he is a most untiring man when he works for other people. I
never saw such a fellow. If he always goes on in the same way, he
must be, virtually, about two hundred years old, at present. The heat
into which he has been continually putting himself; and the distracted and
impetuous manner in which he has been diving, day and night, among
papers and books ; to say nothing of the immense number of letters he
has written me between this house and Mr. Wickfield's, and often
across the table when he has been sitting opposite, and might much more
easily have spoken; is quite extraordinary."
   "Letters ! " cried my aunt. " I believe he dreams in letters ! "
   " There 'S Mr. Dick, too,"     said Traddles, " has been doing wonders !
As soon as he was released from overlooking Uriah Heep, whom he kept
in such charge as I never saw exceeded, he began to devote himself to
Mr. Wickfield. And really his anxiety to be of use in the investigations
we have been making, and his real usef~~lness      in extracting, and copying,
and fetching, and carrying, have been quite stimulating to us."
   " Dick is a very remarkable man," exclaimed my aunt; " and I always
said he was. Trot, you know it! "
   "I am happy to say,Miss Wickfield," pursued Traddles, at once with great
delicacy and with great earnestness, "that in your absence Mr. Wickfield
has considerably improved. Relieved of the incubus that had fastened
upon him for so long a time, and of the dreadful apprehensions under
which he had lived, he is hardly the same person. At times, even
his impaired power of concentrating his memory and attention on par-
ticular points of business, has recovered itself very much; and he has been
able to assist us in making some things clear, that we should have found
very difficult indeed, if not hopeless, without him. But, what I have
to do is to come to results; which are short enough; not to gossip
on all the hopeful circumstances I have observed, or I shall never have
done."
   His natural manner and agreeable simplicity made it transparent that
he said this to put us in good heart, and to enable Agnes to hear her
father mentioned with greater confidence ; but it was not the less pleasant
for that.
   " Now, let me see," said Traddles, looking among the papers on the
table. " Having counted our funds, and reduced to order a great mass
