22                                          ADVERTISEMENTS.
                                          --     ..-
               .-                                                                                   -

STANDARD WORKS NOW PUBLISHING,
                                BY J. & F. TALLIS,
         LONDON AND NEW YORK; AND SOLD BY ALL BOOKSELLERS.

                 The best and Cheapest Atlas ever Published.
                               Part I.,price Is., TheImperial Copyright Edition of

                    THE I L L U S T R A T E D ATLAS,
 AND NODERN HISTORY OP THE WORLD, GEOGRAPHICAL, POLITICAL, COMMERCIAL, AND STATISTICAL.

                     EDITED BY R. MONTGOMERY MARTIN, ESQ.
                            Author of the "History of the British Colonies,"&c.&c.
  part I. contains a Map of the Punjaub (the seat of war in India), illustrated with Views of the Fortress n
Ghuznee, the City of Lahore, and a Scene on the Indus; also a Map of the Eastern Hemisphere, with Descriptive
~etter-press.-Part 1I.contains Maps of Austria and California, with Illustrations and Descriptive Letter-press.
   The MAPS are drawn and engraved by J. RAPKIN,from Government and other authenticated sources,
including all New Boundaries, Discoveries, and Lines of Railways, of which accounts have been received in
f on don t o the time of going t o press.-Each Part will contain two finely-coloured Maps, with Descriptive
Letter-press.
                             To be completed in about Thirty-two Parts, a t Is. each.
  &lt;'We can confidently recommend it, not only for its surprising cheapness, but for its merit."-Bent'sLitwary
Advertiser.
Uniform with Tallis's Imperial Histories of England and America, in Parts a t Is., and Divisions handsomely
   bound, 7s. 6d.; euery Is. P a r t IZlush'ated with a beautiful Steel Engraving, chiefly from Original Drawings by
   H. WARREN,&q., President of the New Water Colour Societgr,

                       THE HISTORY OF IRELAND,
             FROM THE E l R L I E S T PERIOD OF THE IRISH ANNALS TO THE PRESENT TIME.

                  BY THOMAS WRIGHT, EsQ., &LA., F.S.A., &c. &c.
Corresponding Member of the National Institute of France; Honorary hfember of the Royal Society of
    Literature, &c ; Author of "England underthe House of Hanover," "The Riographia Britannica Literaria,"
    a Essays Illustrative of the Literature, History, and Superstitions of England in the Middle Ages," and
    other works illustrative of English History.
                                   To be completed in Forty-two Parts, ut 1s.each.
  "We can safely bespeak the public approbation for a valuable history, presented i n a style of execution
that does credit to the publishers."-The   World, Dzcblin.

          I n Parts a t Is., andDivisions handsomely bound, 7s. 6d.. Illustvated with beautiful $raps,
                                       Portraits of Eminent Persons, &c.,

THE UNIVERSAL PRONOUNCING DICTIONARY,
                         AND GENERAL EXPOSITOR OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE;
Being a complete Literary, Classical, Scientific, Biographical, Geographical, and Technological Standard,
    Embodying in a condensed and common sense form thesignification of all the terms used in the language.
    the derivation of each word, and familiar explanations of the manner in whicll it is pronounced, so as to
    give, in accordance with the advanced state of science and art, additional information, in the spirit of
    Johnson, Todd, Rees, Walker, Crabbe, Sheridan, Rebster, Rnchanan, Maunder, and all the most improved
    lexicographers. Compiled by competent persons in the different branches of literature and science, under
    t h e direction of THOHASWRIGHT,Esq., &LA., F.S.A., &c.
  "We have examined this work closely-we have compared i t with other dictionaries, and we are bound to
declare it the most complete, accurate, and comprehensive that we ever metw-Dispatch.

                                     MRS. ELLIS'S NEW WORK !
                            I n Paris a t Is., and Divisions, handsomely bound, 6s. 6d.,

SOCIAL DISTINCTION; OR, HEARTS & HOMES#
                                            BY MRS. ELLIS.
Authoress of "The Women of England," "Family Secrets " &c. &c. Embellished with highly-finished
    Engravings on Steel, from Original Designs by HENRYW ~ R R E N   Esq.,
                                                                        , President of the New Water-Colour
    Society. Each Part contains Forty-eight Pages of Letter-press, and a Steel Engraving.
  "The last two parts of this beautiful tale increase the interest with which we have hitherto read it. Mrs.
Ellis in her present work charms and delights us more and more."-t mark-lane Ezpress.
                                            ---
                                        A FEW CHOICE COPIES OF
     LODGE'S          PORTRAITS AND M E M O I R S OF I L L U S T R I O U S
                      PERSONAGES O F GREAT BRITAIN.
                                12 vols.royalsto, and impl. Svo. 240 Portraits.
