514            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

think as she was found, and it was gone. I doeu't know why I do so
much as mention of it now, I ' m sure. I didn't have it in my mind a
minute ago, to say a word about myself; but it come up so nat'ral, that I
yielded to it afore I was avveer."
   "You are a self-denying soul," said my aunt, "and will have your
reward."
   Mr. Peggotty, with the shadows of the leaves playing athwart his
face, made a surprised inclination of the head towards my aunt, as an
acknowledgment of her good opinion; then, took up the thread he had
relinquished.
   " When my Em'ly took flight," he said, in stern wrath for the moment,
"from the house mheer she was made a pris'ner by that theer spotted
snake as Mas'r Davy see,-and his story 'S trelv, and may GODconfound
him!-she      took flight in the night. I t was a dark night, with a many
stars a shining. She was wild. She ran along the sea beach, believing
the old boat was theer; and calling out to us to turn away our faces, for
she was a coming by. She heerd herself a crying out, like as if it was
another person; and cut herself on them sharp-pinted stones and rocks,
and felt it no more than if she had been rock herself. Ever so fur she
run, and there was fire afore her eyes, and roarings in her ears. Of a
sudden-or so she thowt, you unnerstand-the day broke, wet and windy,
and she was lying b'low a heap of stone upon the shore, and a woman
was a speaking to her, saying, in the language of that country, what was
it as had gone so much amiss ? "
   H e saw everything he related. I t passed before him, as he spoke, so
vividly, that, in the intensity of his earnestness, he presented what he
described, to me, with greater distinctness than I can express. I can
hardly believe, writing now long afterwards, but that I was actually
present in these scenes; they are impressed upon me with such an
astonishing air of fidelity.
    "As Em'ly's eyes-which was heavy-see this woman better," Mr.
Peggotty went on, " she know'd as she was one of them as she had often
tallred to on the beach. Fur, though she had run (as I have said) ever so
fur in the night, she had oftentimes wandered long ways, partly afoot,
partly in boats and carriages, and know'd all that country, 'long the
coast, miles and miles. She hadn't no children of her own, this
woman, being a young wife; but she was a looking to have one afore
long. And may my prayers go up to Heaven that 'twill be a happ'ness to
her, and a comfort, and a honor, all her life ! May it love her and be
dootiful to her, in her old age ; helpful of her at the last ; a Angel to her
heer, and heerafter ! "
    "Amen ! " said my aunt.
    " She had been summat timorous and down," said Mr. Peggotty, "and

had sat, at first, a little way off, at her spinning, or such work as it was,
 whenEm'ly talked to the children. But Em'ly had took notice of her, and
 had gone and spoke to her; andas the youngwomanwas partialto thechildren
 herself, they had soon made friends. Sermuchser, that when Em'ly went
 that way, she always giv Em'ly flowers. This was her as now asked
 what it was that had gone so much amiss. Em'ly told her, and she-took
 her home. She did indeed. She took her home," said Mr. Peggotty,
 covering his face.
