1     8
              Sold by CVNDALL
                            and ADDEY,
                                     2 I Old Bond Street.


!l                      F A Y 0 UR I T E STATUE TTES-continued.
      GROUP of GRACES fupporting Baket. 16 in. high, 3Z. 3 ~ . ;21 in. high,
          3Z. 15s.; and 25 in. high, 5 1 5s.
      GROUP of CUPIDS fupporting Baket. 18 in. high, 3Z. 3s. ; 21 in. high,
          3Z. I 5s. ; and 24 in. high, 5Z. 5s.
      UNA and the LION, by JOHNBELL. 31. 3s.
      ARIADNE, by DANECKER.           21. I 2s. 6d.
      SHAKESPEARE, by JOHN          BELL. 3Z. 3s.
      PRAYER, by JOHNBELL. IZ. 45.                   BELIEF, by JOHNBELL. 11.45.
      The BABES in the WOOD, by JOHNBELL. 21. 2s.
      PAUL and VIRGINIA, in a Group, by CUMBERWORTH.                   3Z. IOJ.
      PAUL and VIRGINIA, Gparate Figures, by CUMBERWORTH.                 each IZ. 15s.
      RED RIDING HOOD, by WOOLMER.111. 5s.
      The INFANT NEPTUNE, with Shell, by H. J. TOWNSEND,                   IZ. 775.
      The ANGEL GABRIEL. IZ. 18s.                 The ANGEL MICHAEL. zZ. 2s.
      The GUARDIAN ANGEL. 2Z. I 2s. 6d.
      FOUR FIGURES - SPRING,SUMMER,                  AUTUMN,     and WINTER-each a
           Cupid fupporting Bafket. 11'. I IS. 6d.
      CUPID CHAINED. ~ l1s.          .
      H. R. H. The PRINCE of WALES as a Sailor Boy. IZ. I IS. 6d.
      The DISTRESSED MOTHER, by SIRR. WESTMACOTT,                    R.A. zl. I 2s. 6d.
      MERCURY, by THORWALDSEN.               2Z. 2s.
      The RETURN from the VINTAGE, a Group of Seven Figures. I g/. I 5s.
      The STRUGGLE for the HEART, by FIAMINGO.3Z. I 5s.
       SABRINA, by J. C. MARSHALL,         A.R.A. 2Z. I 2s. 6d.
      MUSCIPULA, after SIRJOSHUA          REYNOLDS.     I 25.
      The FLIGHT into EGYPT. 21. IZJ. 6d.
      The CHRIST, from the Statue by THORWALDSEN              at Copenhagen. 31. 3s.
       A SET of CHESSMEN, by JOHNBELL.
                              NEARLY READY.
          The AMAZON, from a Bronze.        REBECCA, by W. THEED.
          GROUP of the PRODIGAL SON, by W. THEED.
          VENUS, by GIBSON,
                          R.A.
          The NEGRO GIRL and COMPANION, by CUMBERWORTH.

              A CATALOGUE       OF ENGLISH    ART-MANUFACTURES,      reletled for their
          Beauty of Deiign, is jufi ready.-(Seepage 2 of t h i ~L$.)



    /I@
     ,I
             London : CUNDALL A N D ADDEY,

           London : G. Barclay,]
                                                               21   Old Bond St.

                                                                    [CaJle St. Leicejer Sq.   1
