8                      COMPLETION OF KNIGHT"S SHILLING VOLUMES.

        Cabinet History of England.                             The Manufactures of Great Britain.
            26 vols., price 11. 6s.,                                    6 vols., price 6s.,
The Cabinet ~ f s t o rof~ England,                           The Manufactures of Great Britain.
    abridged from the Pictorial History of England,              By G. DODD.
    and continued to the Present Time. By C. MAC                " A book eminently suited to the times-should    be
    FARLANE. With Illustrations by HARVEY.                    read by all who would know how it is that England has
                                                              acquired the character of being the great workshop of
   The chapters in the 'Pictorial History of England'         the world."-B~itish Friend of India Magazine.
entitled " Civil and Military History" supply the only
complete History of England in our language, written by
one author. Mr. MAC FARLANE,the author of these                     Wornum's History of Painting.
chapters, has abridged them, and continued them to the
present day, so as to produce an original, complete, and                  2 vols., price 2s.,
really full narrative of our country's great story from the
earliest time. Small as the price of this work is, no         The Epochs of Painting characterized:
other can compete with it in the minuteness of its details       a Sketch of the History of Painting, Ancient and
and the labour of its research. The Histories of Hume            Modern, showing its gradual and various De-
and Smollett, excellent as they are in many respects, are
only fragments with reference t o the periods embraced           velopment from the Earliest Ages to the Present
b y each and since their days a flood of light has been          Time. By RALPHN. WORNUM.
shed up& English history, which leaves their pages, in          " A clear and well-written sketch, comprehending a
spite of their attractions as compositions, dark by com-      review of the progress of painting in every country where
parison with a history founded upon all we now know.          the art has obtained a cognizable degree of development,
                                                              extending over a period of nearly three thousand years,
                                                              and including biographical notices of many of the most
           Cabinet Portrait Gallery.                          eminent painters. I t displays an intimate knowledge of
               12 vols., price 12s.,                          the subject and considerable learning."-Bullder.
The Cabinet Portrait Gallery of Bri-
    tish Worthies.    With 72 Steel Engravings.                                     Pompeii.
    " We  cordially recommend the work to those who                              2 vols., price 2s.,
would read elegantly written biographies of their
country's greatest men."-Douglas  Jerrold's Newspaper.        Pompeii : its ~ e i t r u c t i o nand Re-
  LIST O F PORTRAITS A N D BIOQRAPHIES.                          discovery. New edition.         300 Woodcuts.
Henry 11.           Cecil, Lord Bur- Wm. Lord Rus-               '' I n this work is given a detailed account of the ruins
Roger Bacon,           leigh.            sell.                as they now exist, together with a description of their
Edward 111.         Spenser.          Algernon Sidney.        former state as far as it can be made out; with occasional
Wiclif.             Queen Elizabeth. Sir W. Petty.            digressions Lpon points connected with the history or
Chancer.            Shakspere.        T. Sydenham.            antiquitiesof theplace, and notices of the most important
William ofWyke- Raleigh.              Robert Boyle.           and curious articles which have been discovered. The
  ham.              Camdeu.           Richard Baxter.         first portion of the work contains the public edifices, so
Henry V.            Bacon.            H. Purcell.             far as they have as yet been disinterred; the second
James I. of Scot- B. Jonson.          Sir Wm. Temple.         portion is devoted to the houses and private habits of
  land.             Strafford.        Dryden.                 their tenants."-Introduction.
Henry VII.          Hampden.          William 111.
Dean Colet.         Laud.             Locke.
Cardinal Wolsey. Charles I.           Ray.                                Evils of Popular Tumults.
Sir Thomas More. Selden.              Lord Somers.
                                                                                1 vol., price Is.,
Thomas Lord         Blake.            ~ m ~ .e n n .
  Cromwell.         W. Harvey, M.D. i Addison.                Popular Tumults ; Illustrative of the
Earl of Surrey.     Cromwell.          Marlborough.
Lady Jane Grey. Thomas Fuller.        Sir C. Wren.               Evils of Social Ignorance.
Archb. Cranmer. Jeremy Taylor.        Sir Isaac Newton.         This volume contains Accounts of Tumults of Reli-
Bishop Latimer. Clarendon.            De Foe.
                                                .             gious Fanaticism-Tumults of Political Excitement-
John Knox.
  ham.
Buchanan.
                    Milton.
Sir Thomas Gres- Sir M. Hale.
                    A. Mamell.
                    I. Barrow.
                                      Halley
                                      Pope.
                                      Walpole.
                                      Swift.
                                                                                       -.-
                                                              and Tumults for raising the Rate of Wages.

                                                                       Planche's Eritish Costume.
Sir Philip Sidney. Hobbes.            Wm. Hogarth.
Sir F. Drake.       S. Butler.        Smeaton.                               2 vols., price 2s.,
                         4.-
                                                              History of British Costume, from the
  33aclwoods of Canada and Oregon                                Earliest Period to the Close of the Eighteenth
                 Territory.                                      Century. By J. R. PLANCHE,Esq., F.S.A.
              2 vols., price 2s..                                With numerous Illustrations. New Edition,
The Backwoods bf ~ a n a d a . New                               corrected and enlarged, and an Index added.
 edition. By a LADY. And the Oregon Territory.                  '' On presenting this new edition of ' The History of
                                                              British Costume ' to the pablic, the author has merely to
 By the Rev. G. C. NICOLAY.                                   state that it has undergone thorough revision and cor-
  I' A n endeavour to afford every possible information to            .
                                                              rection that he has supplied many deficiencies, incor-
the wives and daughters of emigrants who contemplate          porated' the most important discoveries and opinions

                         -.-
seeking a home amid our Canadian wilds."-Preface.

     Australia-Settlers and Convicts.
                                                              which have resulted from the latest researches, or been
                                                              promulgated in recent archsological publications; and
                                                              added an Index to facilitate the reader's reference to any
                                                              particular article mentioned or described in its pages."-
              2 vols., price 2s.,
Settlers and Convicts ; or, Recollec-
                                                              Preface to New Edition.
                                                                                       -.-
                                                                            Book of Table Talk.
    tions of Sixteen Years' Labour in the Backwoods
    of Australia. By an EMIGRANTMECHANIC.                                     2 vols., price 2s.,
  " A valuable manual for all those whose circumstances
or inclination lead to contemplate emigration as a means
                                                              The Book of Table-Talk.
of relief from distress or difficulty at home."-Hertford         By several CONTRIBUTORS.
Mercury.                                                           An excellent book for railway reading."-Critic.
