168            THE PERSONAL H~STORY AND EXPERIENCE

    " Oh, indeed, Master Copperfield," said Uriah. "Your aunt is a sweet
 lady, Master Copperfield ! "
    H e had a way of writhing when he wanted to express enthusiasm, which
 was very ugly; and which diverted my attention from the compliment he
 had paid my relation, to the snaky twistings of his throat and body.
    " A sweet lady, Master Copperfield ! " said Uriah Heep. " She has a
 great admiration for Miss Agnes, Master Copperfield, I believe ? "
    I said "Yes," boldly; not that I knew anything about it, Heaven
 forgive me !
    " I hope you have, too, Master Copperfield," said Uriah.      " But I am

 sure you must have."
    " Everybody must have," I returned.
    " Oh, thank yon, Master Copperfield," said Uriah Heep, " for that
 remark ! I t is so true ! Umble as I am, I know it is so true ! Oh, thank
 you, Master Copperfield !"
    H e writhed himself quite off his stool in the excitement of his feelings,
and, being off, began to make arrangements for going home.
    " Mother will be expecting me,"       he said, referring to a pale, inex-
pressive-faced watch in his pocket, " and getting uneasy ; for though we are
very umble, Master Copperfield, we are much attached to one another.
If you would come and see us, any afternoon, and take a cup of tea at our
lowly dwelling, mother would be as proud of your company as I should be.
    I said I should be glad to come.
    "Thank you, Master Copperfield," returned Uriah, putting his book away
upon a shelf.-&lt;' I suppose you stop here, some time, Master Copperfield ? "
    I said I was going to be brought up there, I believed, as long as I
remained at school.
    " Oh, indeed 1 " exclaimed Uriah. " I should think you would come
 into the business at last, Master Copperfield ! "
    I protested that I had no views of that sort, and that no such scheme
was entertained in my behalf by anybody ; but Uriah insisted on blandly
replying to all my assurances, "Oh, yes, Master Copperfield, I should
think you would, indeed!" and, "Oh, indeed, Master Copperfield, I
should think you would, certainly! " over and over again. Being, at last,
ready to leave the office for the night, he asked me if it would suit my
convenience to have the light put out ; and on my answering "Yes," in-
stantly extinguished it. After shaking hands with me-his hand felt like
a fish, in the dark-he opened the door into the street a very little, and
crept out, and shut it, leaving me to grope my way back into the house :
which cost me some trouble and a fall over his stool. This was the
proximate cause, I suppose, of my dreaming about him, for what ap-
peared to me to be half the night; and dreaming, among other things,
that he had launched Mr. Peggotty's house on a piratical expedition, with
a black flag at the mast-head, bearing the inscription "Tidd's Practice,"
under which diabolical ensign he was carrying me and little Em'ly to the
Spanish Main, to be drowned.
   I got a little the better of my uneasiness when I went to school next day,
and a good deal the better next day, and so shook it off by degrees that
in less than a fortnight I was quite at home, and happy, among my new
companions. I was awkward enough in their games, and backward enough
in their studies ;but custom would improve me in the first respect, I hoped,
