                                     T H E BLOOD.
  Our bodies have been entirely formed, are now forming, and will continue
to be built up during Life from the Blood: this being the case, the grand
object is to keep this precious fluid ( t h e Blood) in a pure and healthy state ;
for, without this purity, disease will show itself in some way or other.




      Will be found to purify the Blood better than any other Medicine, and
                             will conquer any disease.
   We t h e r e f o r e s a y t o those w h o are s u f f e r i n g f r o m ill health, f r o m w h a t e v e r c a u s e ; t o t h o s e who
are a p p r o a c h i n g w h a t is n o w c a l l e d o l d age ; to t h o s e w h o are s i n k i n g f r o m p r e m a t u r e decay,
m a k e t r i a l o f Parr's r e m e d y , w h i c h has n e v e r yet failed, which, f r o m t h e i n n o c e n c e of its c o m -
position, can n e v e r injure. To e a c h and all w e again say, TRY; and y o u will soon l o o k u p o n
OLDPARR          as a b e n e f a c t o r o f t h e human race, in l e a v i n g this v a l u a b l e r e m e d y t o the world.
   None are genuine unless t h e words "PARR'S LIFE PILLS" a r e in WHITE LETTERSon a RED GROUND
o n the Government Stamp, pasted round each Box ; also the fac-simile of the signature of t h e PrOprletOrS,
" T. ROBERTS & Co., Crane-court, Fleet-street London," on the directions.
   Sold i n Boxes a t 1s. Iqd., 2s. gd., and Famliy Packets a t lls. each, by all respectable Medicine Vendors
throughout the world. Full direct~onsare given with each box.

                                           FIVE SPECIAL APPOINTMENTS
                         &*               E                The QUEEN,
                                                      H. R. H. Prince ~ l b e r t ,                 4
                                                          Q u e e n Adelaide,               L
                                                                                            -
                                                        King L o u i s Philippe,
                                                                   and the
                                                                                            E- W
                                           D 0 U D N E Y S.
                                                           D u c h e s s of Kent.
      WATERPROOFERS TO                                                                                 GREAT COATMAKERSTO
         T H E QUEEN.                                                                                     PRINCE ALBERT.

   The efforts of the Doudneys to overcome old fashioned prejudices having resulted in their obtaining the continued
 patronage and unqualified approbation of the pr~ncipal Sovereigns, Royalty and Nobility of Europe; they henceforth
 proudly point to this fact, and say, BEHOLDTHE TRIUMPHOF CASHPAYMENTS         OVER THE OLD CREDITSYSTEMIAnd
 forget not, that,-f o be Cheap things must be Good.

   The Queens Victoria and Adelaide and the Royal and Noble Duchesses of Kent and Cambridge,
 Sutherland and Buccleuch, constantly wear ~ o u d n e ~ ' s ) e l e ~ aRegistered
                                                                        nt         Cloak, in a variety of Waterproof
 materials for Winter Wraps and the Promenade.-" Every Lady should see these graceful Garments." (Yide Morning
 Post, Sep. 26th.) They surpass all others as School Cloaks for the Sons and Daughters.
   For Gentlemen.-The Royal Registered Cloak as made for H.R H. PrinceAlbert, the Nobility, the Army,
 and Navy, and all who study comfort coupled with a tru1;~entlemanly exterior. These cloaks are pronounced by those
 who understand the matter, 6' ~ h most
                                      d      sensible Garment ever introduced,'. at prices to suit all
 customers from the Superb down to the useful Guinea Cloak.
                                                          --

  Habit I(1Iakers by Special Appointment to Qneen Victoria, and the Ladies of
 the Court. A Superfine Cloth Habit for 4 Guineas.
   The New Patent Belt for Riding or general exercise the only really effectual protection against rupture :
 the support commencing at thebottom edgeof the belt, and prodwink an uniform upward pressure. They may be enlarged
 or tightened to the extent of six inches at pleasure, and never produce ind~gestioneither in Ladies or Gentlemen. They
 are attached to Drawers with excellent effect. The most eminent of the Faculty are recommending these in preference
 to all others.
   L X V E R X E S . Three Guineas the Plain Suit of Best Quality.                    Ready Money doe* i t ! ! !     and a very extensive
 practice among families of first distinction insures satisfactory results.

    Waterproof ICrish Poplin.- he                           DOUDNEYS are the sole manufacturers                  of this beautiful
 article to HER MAJESTY AND THE PRINCE CONSORT.                               ~entlemen's Coats, Ladies' Cloaks, and lengths for
 Dresses can be obtained only at their Establishments.

 I.----..-.--I"              '
           *P,-                  S ~ x t e n d i n into
                                                   g BURLINGTON ARCADE. (No. 25,) and at                             I        won           1

                         l a d i e s a n d Gentlemen i n the Country should sendfor            a book of details
