                       N O W READY,
                          P A E T 8,
To   BE COMPLETED IN    EIGHTMONTHLY
                                   PARTS,AT ONE SHILLINGEACH.


                        LEILA ;
                                         BY

         SIR EDWARD LYTTON BULWER,
                                 AUTHOR O F

                  "   Eugene ram,"   "   Rienzi," " Harold "
                           EACH PART WILL CONTAIN


       @NO QBxqaigitt             Qgreningg an $tttL,
                                     FROM

DESIGRS BY CORBOULD, STEPHAROFF, KERRY MEADOWS, &c.
        EXECUTED UNDER THE IMMEDIATE SUPERINTENDENCE O F THE LATE

                      MR. CHARLES HEATH

THE Copyright of the above most popular Work of the most popular
Author of the day having recently changed hands, the present Proprietors
deem it expedient to offer a few remarks relative to its re-publication.
      The Work was originally published at One Guinea and a Half. At
$hisprice, its circulation, although large, was, necessarily, confined to the
more wealthy classes. I t is now purposed to re-issue the Work in Parts,
at a price which will render it available to all.
      AS a proof of the estimation in which the Work was held, by both
Author and Publisher, an enormous expence was incurred in illustrating it
in the best style of the age, and the late Mr. CHARLES         HEATH,whose
successful efforts in the best Annuals ever published in this country, " The
Book of Beauty," and a The Keepsake," was fixed upon to superintend
the execution of this important department. The Designs are principally
by CORBOULD,    STEPHANOFF,     and KENNYMEADOWS.
      The Work will comprise Eight Monthly Parts, at One Shilling each,
each Part to contain Two Illustrations, and the last an highly-finished
Portrait of the Author ; thus placing within the reach of the Public, for
Eight S h i i i , a Book which must form a gem in the library of every
possessor.
 LONDON: J. & D. A. DARLING, 126, BISHOPSGATE STREET.
