30                                            ADVERTISEMENTS.
                 -
                 - --                                                                      --- --




                   Perfect freedom from Coughs in ten minutes,
                       AND INSTANT R E L I E F AND A R A P I D C U R E O F
             ASTHMA AND CONSUMPTION, COUGHS,                                                    COLDS,
                                                        AND

                   ALL DISORDERS OF THE BREATH AND LUNGS,
                                                ARE   INSURED          BY


D R . LOCOCK'S P U L M O N I C W A F E R S .
      ',,"   Small l~ooks,containing many hwzdreds of p?.opevZy authenticated (restimonials, may be
                                         had from every Agent.
     Cure of 29 years' ~ s t h m a t i ccough,                  From J. D. Marshall, M.D., Lecturer to the Royal Insti.
                          Middleton, near Manchester.
   Sir,-I am now 44 years of age, and I have been
                                                            1     tution, Belfast, and Chemist in Ireland to her Majesty
                                                                  --- O , I-P-C-, , ._..
                                                                               8, High-street, Belfast, Sept. 2lst, 1847.
afflicted with an asthwdtic cough since I was a boy of             Gentlemen,-I have the gratification of stating that
fifteen years of age. during that time I have resorted to       from all I have been enabled to observe of Dr. Locock's
every means in my iower to remove it, but in vain, until        Pulmonic Wafers, they have been of eminent service in
last Sunday, when I sent for a small box of Dr. Locock's        the alleviation of severe asthmatic coughs, pains in the
Wafers. I have taken two boxes since, and from the              chest, &c.
effects they have had upon me I feel no douht of a speedy         I have no doubt that when they hecomemore generally
recovery.                                                       known in the north of Ireland, they will be as highly
                                      G. STRINGER.              esteemed as they are in other parts of the kingdom.
      Witness, M. LYNCH, Chemist, Market-street.                                             J. D. MARSHALL, M.D.

    DR. LOCOCK'S WAFERS give instant relief, and a rapid cure of asthma, coilsuinptioll,
coughs, colds, and all disorders of the breath and lungs.
   TO SINGERS A N D PUBLIC SPEAKERS they are invaluable, as in a few hours
they remove all hoarseness, and wonderfully increase the power and flexibility of the voice.
   They have a pleasant taste. Price 1s. lpd., 2s. Sd., and 11s. per box.
AGENTS  : DA SILVA & CO., 1, Bride-lane, Fleet-street, London. Sold by all Medicine Vendors.




                               PRICE, Is. lBd., 2s. gd., and 11s. per box.
                            The only Medicine recommended to be
                                         taken by Females !
                                  BFWAEE OF IMITATIONS l
                            unprincipled Persons Counterfeitthis medi-
                            cine in the form of PILLS,&c. Purchasers
                            must therefore observe that none are Gen-
                            uine but "WAFERS " and that the words
                                    I' DR. LOCOC$IS  WAFERS71
                            are in the Stamp outside each Box.
                             O~sERvE.-There a& various Counterfeit Medicbes,
                               having words on the Stamp so NEARLY RESEMBLING
                               THESE, as to mislead the unwary.    Purchasers
                                must therefore st~ictlyobserve the above Caution.
                              Prepared only by the Proprietor's Agents, DA SILVA & CO.,
                            1, Bride Lane, Fleet S t , London. Sold by all MedicineVendors.
