2                                           ADVERTISEMENTS.
---                                          --        -                     --                            --



                          A BIT OF M Y MIND.
                                                 SEE PUNCH.

                    Second Edition, Enlarged, with Portrait of the Author; Cloth. Price 5s.

                     OF MANY
        R U I NASPILGRIMAGE.                LANDS.
                             BY NICHOLAS MICHELL.
CONTENTS    :-Babylon-Nineveh-Petra-Egypt-        Ruined Cities of America-Rock-Temples of India-Athens-
     Rome-Pompeii     -  South of France-Carthage-Tyre-Baalbec-Palmyra-Persepolis-Jeruaem,            &c.
   "This interesting a n d remarkable production must be deemed a standard composition wherever the English
language is understood. It is a n extraordinary volume."-ilforning  Advertiser, Nov. 17, 1849.
   "The author moves over all the celebrated ruins of the world. Thevolumeevinces aprofound acquaintance
with ancient history: few will read the work without gleaning some new fact,and all will close it, determined
t o open it again."-GZasgow Daily Muil, January 7, 1850.
   "Ideas more refined, poetic beauties more richly developed, and classic knowledge more extensive, we
 scarcely remember to have seen. The work is most valuable."-Cambridge      I~tdependentPress, 24th Nov.
   "Most heartily do we rejoice to see a second edition of Mr. Michell's remarkable work."-New        Monthly
Magazine.
            LONDON : WILLIAM TEGG, and Co., 85, Queen Street, Cheapside; a n d all Booksellers.

                                    On the 1st of May will be published, price 2s.

T      H E WHITE CHARGER, that cost me £200; lost me £70,000; drove
       me from society; eventually deprived me of m y friends; and finally compelled m e t o quit the
Service. By the author of "The Horse Guards," "The Days when we had Tails o n us," &c. W i t h Two
Coloured Illustrations, etched on Steel by ALFREn ASHLEY.
  " Opportunities make us known to ourselves and others."-Rochefoucault.

                            London: J. & D. A. DARLING, 126, Bishopsgate Street.


              CHEAP EDITION O F "JANE                                                 EYRE.JJ
                     Now ready, C One Vol. small Post          8v0,price   6s. in em6ossed cloth,
                                           T H E FOURTH EDITION OF

    J A N E EYRE. B Y C U R R E R B E L L .
                                                   Nearly ready.
                        THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF LEIGH HUNT.
                                         I n 3 Vols. Post avo, with Portraits.

                                London: SMITH, ELDER & CO., 65, CORNHILL.

    Now ready, elegantly bound, in 1 vol., ss., or free

MISS
                      by oost. 5s. 6d.
                  B R E M E R ~ S EASTER
                                                              THE PLORIFORM PARASOL.-
                                                                       Registered Act 6 and 7 Vict.. c. 65.- Some
                                                              time ago a Number of the .'Art-Union Journal"
       OFFERING. Comprising THE LIOHTHOUSE                    contained a letter from a lady on t h e shapes of
a Domestic Story. and LIFE I N T U B NORTH.~ r a n s l        Parasols, the writer of which tastefully suggested
lated by MARY'HOWITT.     From the Unpublished                that a great improvement might be made in their
Swedish Manuscript.                                           appearance by adopting in their formation t h e con-
                                                              figuration of flowers, instead of theantique mushroom
HENRYCOLBURN,
            Publisher, 13, Great Marlborough                  shaoe.
                Street.                                           his suggestion. a s far as is mectlanically pmc-
                                                              ticable. is carried out by the invention of t h e
                                                              FLORIFORM PARASOL, which exhibits, when ooen.      -
B I B L E S , PRAYER-BOOKS, k c .                             the elegant outline of a n expanded flower.
        By Royal Letters Patent, LEIGHUON'S     Hercu-           The FLORIFORM PARASOL may be purchased
leanised India Rubber binding a peculiar preparation          Of all first.class mercers and Parasol dealers throunh.
of caoutchouc used in place df glue unites greatest           out the kingdom, and wholesale of J O H N MO#E-
flexibility with strength opening witn t h e greatest         LAND AND SON, manufacturers, 50, Eastcheap,
freedom and laying pe;fectly flat when open, the              London-bridge.
books used in the usual way. Sold by EYRE and
SPOTTISWOO~E,    Fleet Street, and all booksellers and              NOW THYSELF.-The                  art of des-
stationers. Manufactured by LEIGHTON          and SON,                      persons' characters from their hand-
Harp Alley, Shoe Lane, who apply this patent to all           writing has long been practised by Dr. BLENKINSOP.
kinds of books ; invaluable for music ledgers &c.             with a success which is proved by innumerable
Please observe the names L E I O H T O N  ieS O N iAside      Testimonials; pointing out gifts which modesty may
each book, without which lhey a r e not genuine.              be ignorant of, and defects which self-love mav over-
Retail Agent. J. W. T U R N E R47.. Rathbone Place,           1oc.k. Address by letter, rtalil~gage sex, and :tation,
where gentlemen wishing to apply it to their private          wlth 13 utwut go*tage-slantps to 'him, a t No. 10,
sibraries can see samples and obtain all information.         Lancastcr Place, Strand, London.
