132           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

    Into this shop, which was low and small, and which was darkened
rather than lighted by a little window, overhung with clothes, and was
descended into by some steps, I went with a palpitating heart ; which was
not relieved when an ugly old man, with the lower part of his face all
covered with a stubbly grey beard, rushed out of a dirty den behind it,
and seized me by the hair of my head. He was a dreadful old man to
look at, in a filthy flannel waistcoat, and smelling terribly of rum. His
bedstead, covered with a tumbled and ragged piece of patchwork, was in
the den he had come from, where another little window showed a prospect
of more stinging nettles, and a lame donkey.
    " Oh, what do you want ? " grinned this old man, in a fierce, mono-
tonous whine. " Oh, my eyes and limbs, what do you want ? Oh, my lungs,
and liver, what do you want ? Oh, goroo, goroo !"
    I was so much dismayed by these words, and particularly by the repe-
tition of the last unknown one, which was a kind of rattle in his throat,
that I could make no answer; hereupon the old man, still holding me by
the hair, repeated :
    " Oh, what do you want ? Oh, my eyes and limbs, what do you want ?
Oh, my lungs and liver, what do you want ! Oh, goroo !"-which             he
screamed out of himself, with an energy that made his eyes start in his
head.
    " I wanted to know," I said, trembling, " if you would buy a jacket."
    " Oh, let's see the jacket ! " cried the old man. " Oh, my heart on fire,
show the jacket to us ! Oh, my eyes and limbs, bring the jacket out ! "
    With that he took his trembling hands, which were like the claws of a
great bird, out of my hair; and put on a pair of spectacles, not at all
ornamental to his inflamed eyes.
    " Oh, how much for the jacket ?" cried the old man, after examining it.
" Oh-goroo !-how much for the jacket?"
    " Half-a-crown," I answered, recovering myself.
    " Oh, my lungs and liver," cried the old man, " no ! Oh, my eyes, no !
Oh, my limbs, no ! Eighteenpence. Goroo ! "
    Every time he uttered this ejaculation, his eyes seemed to be in danger
of starting out; and every sentence he spoke, he delivered in a sort of
tune, always exactly the same, and more like a gust of wind, which begins
low, mounts up high, and falls again, than any other comparison I can
find for it.
    " Well," said I, glad to have closed the bargain, "I '11 take eighteen-
pence."
    " Oh, my liver !" cried the old man, throwing the jacket on a shelf.

" Get out of the shop !       Oh, my lungs, get out of the shop ! Oh, my
eyes and limbs-goroo !-don't ask for money; make it an exchange."
    I never was so frightened in my life, before or since ; but I told him
humbly that I wanted money, and that nothing else was of any use to me,
but that I would wait for it, as he desired, outside, and had no wish to
hurry him. So I went outside, and sat down in the shade in a corner.
And I sat there so many hours, that the shade became sunlight, and the
sunlight became shade again, and still I sat there waiting for the money.
    There never was such another drunken madman in that line of business,
I hope. That he was well known in the neighbourhood, and enjoyed the
