                                                                                No. V.-SEPTEMBER,1849.

     COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
      CHEAP AND VALUABLE BOOKS
Selected from a n extensive Stock of upwards of Twenty Thousand Volumes,                          constantly on sale a t


                                         G, WILLIS'S
     NEW     AND     SECOND H A N D BOOK W A R E H O U S E , PIAZZA, COVENT GARDEN.

            CHEAP ENCYCLOPEDIAS.                                    T H E CHEAPEST A N D BEST WORK                  ON
ENCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNZCA. The                                                 NATURAL HISTORY.
  last Edition, greatly improved, edited by Professor           CUVIER'S              A~~~~~             KINGDOM,
  Napier, several hundred engravings, 21 vols 4to
  new, cloth, only 181. 15s,-Another copy,2;'vols:                  arrangedaccordingtoits Organisation; beingaHis-
  half.bonnd russia, marbled edges, new, 221, 10s.ipub.             tory an* Description of Quadrupeds, Birds. Fishes,
  a t 371. 16s. in parts.)                             1842,        Insects, Shells, &c., by CUVIERand LATREILLE.
      G . Willis having made a large                 of the         Translated from the last French edition, with 4000
  above most               ~       ~        ~begs to~ offer ~       figures,
                                                                      ~      mostly
                                                                              ~      coloured,
                                                                                      ~      ~ o n 800
                                                                                                     d plates,i 8 vols.
                                                                                                                     ~ avo. ,
  i t to his Customers a t LESS T H A N H A L F PRICE.              half-morocco, 31. 10s. (pub. a t 81. 8s.)           1837.
                                                                       G. WILLIShaving purchased the above excellent
s*CyCLBPxDIA                 BRITANN1cAs              the           work upon advantageous terms, begs to call the
  6th edition, 20 vols. 4to. many plates, bound i n calf,           attention of his customers to its very low price. It
  only 71. 10s.                                    1823,            is the most scientific and general work upon the
E N C Y C L O P X D I A M E T R O P 0 LX-                           subject. and t h e only one upon Natural History
  TANA ; or, Universal Dictionary of Knowledge, a                   suitable for a "Home Library.'
  complete set, with the Index, many hundred fine en-           LODGE'S           PORTRAITS OF ILLUS-
  gravings, 26 vols. 4to. in the original boards a s pub-         TRIOUS PERSONAGES of GREAT BRITAIN
  lished, 141. 15s., (pub. at591.)--Another COPY,  26 vols,       engraved from authentic Pictures in the Gallerie;
  half-bound russia, marbled edges, new, 211. 1829-44.            of the Nobility and Public Collections, with Bio-
     Among the contributors t o this most valuable                graphical and Historical Memoirs; 240 highly-
  work, are ~ r c h b i s h o pWhately, S. T. Coleridge,          finished Engravings. 12vols. imperial 8vo. hand-
  Sir ~ o h n~ e r s c h e l ,Prof. Airy, Dr. Lardner, De         somely half-bound morocco, gilt tops, 71. 10s.
  Morgan, Dr. Roget, C. Babbage, Senior, &c.                      (pub. a t 301.)
PENNY            CYCLOPEDIA                  of      the
  Society f o r t h e Diffus~onof Useful Knowledge, com.        Seliiflg by G. WILLIS, at less than fialf-p~rice, all the
  plete with Supplement, 29 vols. folio, many hundred                     Editions of Sir Walter Scott's Works.
  woodcuts, boundin cloth, only 71.7s. (pub. at 111. 5s.)
  -Another copy, in half calf, very neat, 81. 15s.              w      ~    ~    E       & ~ Ythe Splendid
                                                                                      ~NOVELS,
                                                                  ABBOTSPORD       EDITION,embellished with 120 beau-
REES,S CYCLO            ,           ;or, Dictionary               tiful Engravings on steel, and ZOO0 fine Woodcuts
  of Arts, Sciences, and Literature, many hundred                 l z vols., royal avo., handsomely bound in cloth gilt:
  plates, 45 vols. 4to. half-bound russia, 141. 10s.              71. 7s. (pub. a t 161. 16s.)
NEW        GENERAL             BIOGRAPHICAL
                                                   1819.        -         The sameEdition, bound inMoroccoelegant,
                                                                  gilt leaves, a beautiful set, 111. 18s.
  DICTIONARY, the articles contributed by the most              WAVERLEY NOVELS, 48 Vols., fcap.
  eminent Scholars of the day, edited by the Rev. H.             s v o , the Author's favourite Edition, with his last
  J. Rose,    vois.s avo. new, cloth, 61. 6s. (pub. a t          Notes, &c., large Type, with 96 Engravings, bound
  101. 16s.)-Another copy, hound i n half russia gilt,           i n cloth. only 51. 10s. (pub. a t 121.)
  71. 10s.                                      1842-7.
     This most excellent Dictionary, recently corn-
                                                                -         The same Edition, 48 vols. bound in half-
                                                                 morocco, marbled leaves, very neat, 71. 15s.
  pleted, contains as much matter a s 30 ordinary
  octavo volumes.                                               WAVERLEY N O V E ~ ~ COMPLETE
                                                                                     ,
                                                                 in 25 vols. fcap. 8vo. with vignettes, bound i n cloth,
PICTORIAL SHAXSPERE, edited by                                  0.1~ 21.             at 51.)
 C. Knight, Illustrated by 1100 beautiful Woodcuts,
 complete in 7 vols. imperial avo, new cloth, only
                                                                -      The same      Edition, 25 vols., bound in half-
                                                                 morocco, marbled leaves, very neat, 41. 4s.
  21 10s. (pub a t 41.)
L--      The same, 7 vols. handsomely bound in half-            MARSXAL&'S NAVAL BIOGRAPHY,
 morocco, marbled edges, 31 5s.                                  or Menmirs of the Services of all the Flag Officers,
        The present         of this very beautiful and           Rear Admirals. Captains. Post Captains, and Com-
 valuable work, is in every respect the same as the              manders. from 1760 to 1835,lz ~ 0 1 s 8vo.
                                                                                                       .    new, cloth,
 preceding one, with the sole exception of the Life              'I' lo''     at 11''
 of Shakspere being condensed.                                  BLACXWOOD'S                  MAGAZINE,             from
VALPY,S FAMIaY                     CLASSICAL                     the commencement in 1817 to 1846, 58 vols. 8vo.
 LIBRARY, containing the best translations of Plu-               uniformly half-hound, calf, a very neat set of this
 tarcb,                 Xenophon, Herodotus, Pindar,             highly entertaining Magazine, now very scarce i n
 Thucydides,Sophocles. Euripides,Homer,Bschylus,                 Sets' Only 12" "" Ipub' at about 50d')     1817-46'
 Hesiod, Anacreon, Theo~hrastus,&c.. virgil, ~ a c i .          DEFOE'S           NOVELS          AND       WORKS,
 tus, Horace, Cresar, Cicero, Livy, Sallust, p h z d r u s ,     edited by Sir Walter Scott, with considerable addi.
 Juvenal, Persius, Ovid, &c., 52 vois. 12mo. cloth,              tions, 20 ~ 0 1 s .12mo. cloth, 11. 18s.- noth her copy
 scarce, 51. 10s. (pub. a t 111. 14s.)              1834.        half-hound, calf, full gilt backs, 31. 3s.         1840.
                                                                   This beautiful and complete set of the works of
L~,"o",~~,'E,  ~~st~~T,",~~,%,~,~",~
 gravings on wood and steel, published under the
                                                                 this popular author was published a t 51.
                                                                COLEURN'S             STANDARD               NOVEL-
 superintendence of the Society for the Diffusion of             ISTS, complete in 20 vols. royal 18mo. with en-
 Useful Knowledge, in 43 vols. 12mo. hound in cloth              gravings by Finden, &c., including novels by
 lettered, 31. 10s. (pub. a t 91. 13s. 6d.) London, v. v.        Bulwer, Capt. Marryat, Ward, Mrs. Gore, Horace
   This is one of the best selected series of popular            Smith, Lady Morgan, Gleig, Lister, James, Hook,
 works of amusement and instruction ever offered t o             and Miss Porter. Bound i n cloth, priceonly 21. 15s.
 the public.                                                     (pub. a t 61.)
  G. WILLIS publishes on t h e 2 5 t h of every Month a Price Current of Literature and Catalogue of
Second Hand Books, stamped as a Newspaper, and forwarded to all parts of t h e United Kingdom.
 Subscription Three Shillings per Annum.                             SPECIMEN NUMBER GRATIS.
