6                                               ADVERTISEMENTS.
--                                 --
                                                                                                      ---           .-


      EASIEST AND QUICKEST METHOD OF                                 ALSAM COPAIRA, and all other
              ACQUIRING FRENCH.




                                                                efficiently brought in contact with the organs it is
Le page'. French Master                 for   Beginner..        intinded to affect. the usual nausea and uu~leasant
      cloth, 3s.                                                eructations are avoided. E V A N S& LESCHER,London,
                                                                Patentees; and all Medicine Vendors throughout the
Le Page's L'Eoho de Paris. cloth, 4s.                           kingdom. *+* Ask for the Patent Flexible Capsules.
Le Pages G ~ f of  t C o n v e r s a t i o n . Cloth, 3s.         ---. .-- .-         .-
Le Page's F r e n c h Grammar, Cloth, 3s.
L~
      p o s i t i o n Cloth, 4s.
                                                            I
                                                          For
          ~~~d~ id^ to rrench corn. - I n g the Digestive O r g aStrength-
                                                              Purifying  the  Blood and
                                                                                         ns.

Le    P a g e ' s French Prompter.
                         Cloth, 5s.
Le Page's Petit Musee de Literature
   Francaise. Cloth, 5s.                                        these well known valuable Medicines. I t is suited
                                                                for either sex, and will prove a certain cure for Indi-
   MONS.LE PAGEs method of teaching t h e French                gestion, Loss of Appetite, Dimness of Sight, Fainting
Language is i n accordance with nature. A child                 Fits, Wasting of the Flesh, Languor, Skin Diseases,
acquires its native language intuitively, and is not a t        Rheumatic and Nervous Affections,and allImpurities
first perplexed with the niceties of Grammar ; so in            of Blood caused by unhealthy climates, too sedentary
following the system of M. Le Page, i t gradually be-           a life, dissipation, a n d other causes. However dehili.
icomes acquainted with the usual mode of expression             tated the system, or deep-rooted t h e disease, by the
in ordinary conversation, a n d then, when theidiom             diligent use of this purifying Medicine the energies
is virtually mastered, comes last of all the Grammar,           of t h e whole nervous system will be augmented, a
   LONDON: EFFINGHAM WILSON, Publis her,                        more powerful and healthy action of every faculty
                 11, Royal Exchange.                            produced, and feebleness, and all the deplorable
                                                                symptoms of disease will vanish, and strength and
---                                                    .-       health be restored to t h e feeble and afflicted by i t s
                                                                restorative properties.-Prepared         only by W. A.
                   1NDPRWICW:'S                                 FRENCB,309, Holhorn, two doors west of Chancery-
                                                                lane. Price Zs.gd., 4s. 6d., Ils., and 2%.
NEW HYDRAULlC PIPE TUBE.                                                                       ---
        REGISTERED NOVEMBER 4th, 1848.
                                                                     EAIJTY.-The             thorn that veils the
PIZESENTING all. the advantages of the                                   primrose from our view 1 8 n o t more invidious
       Persian Hookah, within the space, and a t t h e          in Nature t h a n superfluous Hair o n the Face, Neck,
cost of an ordinary Pipe Tube. The principle is t h a t         a n d Arms of Beauty. HUBERT'S ROSEATE POW-
of drawing the smoke up a cylindrical glass in the              DER is the most certain and elegant preparation for
centre of the tube, from whence i t passes down a               i t s removal-the genuine i s perfectly innocent, is easy
second cylinder into the water, and then i t ascends            and pleasant to use, and bas been signed " G . H.
purified t o the lips of t h e smoker.                          HOGARD " for the last 40 years. Sold for the pro.
  T o he had a t I. INDERWICK'S Wholesale Pipe and              prietor, by Mr. Hooper, Chemist, 24, Russell Street,
Snuff-Box Warehouse, No. 68, Princes-street, Leicester          Covent Garden, and by all respectable perfumers, i n
Square. Price 2s. Sd. each.                                     packets, price 4s. Double ditto, 7s., or by post, free
                                                                for 50 or 88 Postage stamps.

       OLLOWAY'S PILLS.--FOR INDIGESTION,                                           KEATl NG'S
        STOMACEA N D LIVBR COMPLAINTS,T A K E
HOLLOWAY'SP I L L S . - P ~ ~ S O I suffering
                                    I~         from any
derangement of the liver, stomach, or the organs of
                                                                        COUGH LOZENGES.
digestion, should have recourse to Holloway's Pills,
a s there is no other medicine t h a t acts on these par-       HAVE immediate influence over the follow-
                                                                   .~ n cases
                                                                        g     :-Asthmatic and Consumptive Com-
ticular complaints with such certain success. ~ t s plaints, Coughs, Shortness of Breath, Hoarsehess.
peculiar properties strengthen the torla of the stomach,  8Zc.l 8ic.
increase the appetite, and purify the liver. For bowel      Prepared and sold in Boxes, Is. l i d . , and Tins,% Qd.,
complaints i t isadmirable,asitremoves every primary      4s. 6d., and 10s. 6 d , each by THOMAS KEATING,
cause of them, thereby restoring the patient t o the      Chemist, &c., No. 79, St. Paul's Church Yard, London.
xoundest health and strength. Nervous or sick head-       And Retail by all Chemists, &c.
aches and lowness of spiFits may be easily cured by         N.B. To prevent spurious imitations, please to ob-
taking a course of Holloway's Pills.-Sold by all drug-    serve that the words " KEATINQ'S COUGH LO.
gists, and a t Professor Holloway's establishment, 244, ZENGES" are engraveu on the Government Stamp of
Strand, London.                                           each Box.




                           The attention of gentlemen is solicited to this truly
                         unique article, being the only perfect fitting shirt made,
                           Six very superior Shirts for 30s. ; also all the new
                         patterns in Coloured Shirts, six for 27s. Detailed
                         catalogues, with patterns and directions for self-
                         measurement. sent uost-free.
