173           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 act of the proposal-it would be ridiculous to say that!-but because, you
having known her poor father, and having known her from a baby six
months old, I hadn't thought of you in such a light at all, or indeed as a
marrying man in any way,-simply that, you know."
   "Aye, aye," returned the Doctor, good-humoredly. " Never mind."
   "But I do mind," said the Old Soldier, laying her fan upon his lips.
"I mind very much. I recal these things that I may be contradicted if I
am wrong. Well! Then I spoke to Annie, and I told her what had
happened. I said, 'My dear, here's Doctor Strong has positively been
and made you the subject of a handsome declaration and an offer.' Did
I press it in the least? No. I said, ' Now, Annie, tell me the truth
this moment; is your heart free ? ' ' Mama,' she said, crying, ' I a m
extremely young '-which was perfectly true-' and I hardly know if I
have a heart at all.' ' Then, my dear,' I said, ' you may rely upon it,
it's free. At all events, my love,' said I, 'Doctor Strong is in an
agitated state of mind, and must be answered. He cannot be kept in his
present state of suspense.' 'Mama,' said Annie, still crying, ' would he
be unhappy without me? If he would, I honor and respect him so
much, that I think I will have him.' So it was settled. And then, and
not till then, I said to Annie, 'Annie, Doctor Strong will not only be
your husband, but he will represent your late father : he will represent the
head of our family, he will represent the wisdom and station, and I may
say the means, of our family; and will be, in short, a Boon to it! I used
the word at the time, and I have used it again, to-day. If I have any
merit, it is consistency."
   The daughter had sat quite silent and still during this speech, with her
eyes fixed on the ground ; her cousin standing near her, and looking on
the ground too. She now said very softly, in a trembling voice :
   " Mama, I hope you have finished? "
   "No, my dear Annie," returned the Soldier, " I have not quite finished.
 Since you ask me, my love, I reply that I have aot. I complain that you
really are a little unnatural towards your own family; and, as it is of no
use complaining to you, I mean to complain to your husband. Now, my
dear Doctor, do look at that silly wife of yours."
   As the Doctor turned his kind face, with its smile of simplicity and
gentleness, towards her, she drooped her head more. I noticed that Mr.
Wickfield looked at her steadily.
   "When I happened to say to that naughty thing, the other day," pur-
 sued her mother, shaking her head and her fan at her, playfully, " that
there was a family circumstance she might mention to you-indeed, I
think, was bound to mention-she said, that to mention it was to ask a
favor; and that, as you were too generous, and as for her to ask was
always to have, she wouldn't."
   " Annie, my dear," said the Doctor. " That was wrong. I t robbed
me of a pleasure."
   "Almost the very words I said to her ! " exclaimed her mother.
"Now really, another time, when I know what she would tell you but
for this reason, and won't, I have a great mind, my dear Doctor, to tell
you myself."
   " I shall be glad if you will," returned the Doctor.

    " Shall I ? "
