               COMPLETION OF KNIGHT'S SHILLING VOLUMES.

the various subjects of these volumes, they may be thus distributed into large
departments of knowledge :-
                                                                                 . ----
                                                                                 Vnlq.
         Analytical Accounts of great Writers, English        and Foreign    - 13
         Biography - - - - - - - - - - -                        - - - -      - 33
         General History - - - - - - - - -                      - - - -      - 5
         English History - - - - - - .                                       - 26
         Geography, Travels, and Topography - -                              - 33
         Natural History - - - - - - - -                                     - 17
         Fine Arts and Antiquities - - - - -                                 -  8
         Arts and Sciences, Political Philosophy, &c. -                      - 14
         Natural Theology and Philosophy - - - -                             - 15
         General Literature - - - - - - - - -                   -   -    - - - 16
         Original Fiction - - - - - - - - -                     -   -    - - -      6-186
   Secondly,-The very nature of the subjects thus comprised in this series
will show that mere didactic instruction has not been attempted; and that
genial and amusing reading is presented in connexion with the solid and
serious. I t would be contrary to the principles upon which I have always
regarded the duties of those who labour in the great cause of making good
literature cheap, if I had in this series presumed it necessary to write down
to the understandings of the masses. I shall never cease to believe that
whatever is best and most permanent in literature has a character of univer-
sality ; and that whenever attempts are made to " write down " to a class, or
" write up " to a class, the thing so produced is worthy of small regard, and

has little influence in its own day, and less upon the future.
    Lastly,-In    stating that I should introduce valuable copyrights into this
Series, and that I had offers of assistance from writers of established repu-
tation, it may be sufficient to point to the names of the various authors" of
these volumes, all of which are original, to show that I have fulfilled this
portion of my undertaking.
   The property of this large Series passed out of my hands as its publisher in
the beginning of 1847, in consequence of business arrangements connected
with a dissolution of partnership. Since then the additions to the Series have
been, for the most part, reprints of copyright works, which were formerly
published by me. I have never ceased to consider myself responsible for the
general character of the work, although my editorial labours had terminated
when about two-thirds of the Series were completed. I may truly add, that
my desire for the constant and increasing circulation of these Volumes con-
tinues unabated ; for I may venture to hope that each and all have a tendency
to carry forward that intellectual progress upon which the future destiny of
this country so essentially depends. And I may confidently state that in this
extensive series no single work, and no portion of a work, can be found, that
may not safely be put into the hands of the young and the uninformed, with
the security that it will neither mislead nor corrupt.
                                                                              KNIGHT.
                                                                        CHARLES
  St. John's Wood,
        April 24, 1849.
                     * See List of Contributors to the Series, next page.
