466           THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

exclaimed, "Annie, get up immediately, and don't disgrace everybody be-
longing to you by humbling yourself l ~ k ethat, unless you wish to see me
go out of my mind on the spot! "
    " Mama ! " returned Annie.       " Waste no words on me, for my appeal
is to my husband, and even you are nothing here."
    "Nothing ! " exclaimed Mrs Markleham. " Me, nothing ! The child
has taken leave of her senses. Please to get me a glass of water !"
    I was too attentive to the Doctor and his wife, to give any heed to this
request ; and it made no impression on anybody else ; so Mrs. Markleham
panted, stared, and fanned herself.
    " Annie ! " said the Doctor, tenderly taking her in his hands. " My
dear ! If any unavoidable change has come, in the sequence of time, upon
our married life, you are not to blame. The fault is mine, and only mine.
There is no change in my affection, admiration, and respect. I wish to
make you happy. I truly love and honor you. Rise, Annie,.pray ! "
    But she did not rise. After looking at him for a little while, she sank
clown closer to him, laid her arm across his knee, and dropping her head
upon it, said :
    " If I have any friend here, who can speak one word for me, or for my

husband, in this matter; if I have any friend here, who can give a voice
to any suspicion that my heart has sometimes whispered to me ; if I have
 any friend here, who honors my husband, or has ever cared for me, and
 has anything within his knowledge, no matter what it is, that may help to
 mediate between us, I implore that friend to speak ! "
    There was a profound silence. After a few moments of painful hesi-
 tation, I broke the silence.
     " Mrs. Strong,"   I said, I C there is something within my knowledge,
 which I have been earnestly entreated by Doctor Strong to conceal, and
 have concealed until to-night. But, I believe the time has come when it
 would be mistaken faith and delicacy to conceal it any longer, and when
 your appeal absolves me from his injunction."
     She turned her face towards me for a moment, and I knew that I was
 right. I could not have resisted its entreaty, if the assurance that it gave
 me had been less convincing.
     " Our future peace," she said, "may be in your hands. I trust it
 confidently to your not suppressing anything. I know beforehand that
 nothing you, or any one, can tell me, will show my husband's noble heart
 in any other light than one. Howsoever it may seem to you to touch
 me, disregard that. I will speak for myself, before him, and before God
 afterwards."
     Thus earnestly besought, I made no reference to the Doctor for his
 permission, but, without any other compromise of the truth than a little
  softening of the coarseness of Uriah Heep, related plainly what had passed
  in that same room that night. The staring of Mrs. Markleham during
  the whole narration, and the shrill, sharp interjections with which she
  occasionally interrupted it, defy description.
     When 1 had finished, Annie rema~ncd,for some fcw moments, silent,
  with her head bent down, as I have described. Then, she took the
  Doctor's hand (he was sitting in the same attitude as when we had
  entered the room), and pressed it to her breast, and kissed it. Mr. Dick
