                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

I loved her, and forgiv her. She wrapped her, hasty, in her clothes. She
took her, faint and trembling, on her arm. She heeded no more what they
said, than if she had had no ears. She walked among 'em with my child,
minding only her; and brought her safe out, in the dead of the night,
from that black pit of ruin !
     " She attended on Em'ly," said Mr. Peggotty, who had released my hand,
 and put his own hand on his heaving chest ; " she attended to my Em'ly,
 lying wearied out, and wandering betwixt whiles, till latenest day. Then
 she went in search of me ; then in search of you, Mas'r Davy. She didn't
 tell Em'ly what she come out fur, lest her 'art should fail, and she should
 think of hiding of herself. How the cruel lady know'd of her being theer,
 I can't say. Whether him as I have spoke so much of, chanced to see 'em
going theer, or whether (which is most like, to my thinking) he had heerd
it from the woman, I doen't greatly ask myself. My niece is found.
    "All night long," said Mr. Peggotty, "we have been together, Em'ly
and me. 'Tis little (considering the time) as she has said, in wureds,
through them broken-hearted tears ; 'tis less as I have seen of her dear
face, as grow'd into a woman's at my hearth. But, all night long, her
arms has been about my neck ; and her head has laid heer ; and we knows
full well, as we can put our trust in one another, ever more."
    Ile ceased to speak, and his hand upon the table rested there in perfect
repose, wit,h a resolution in it that might have conquered lions.
    " I t was a gleam of light upon me, Trot," said my aunt, drying her
eyes, "when I formed the resolution of being godmother to your sister
Betsey Trotwood, who disappointed me ; but, next to that, hardly anything
would have given me greater pleasure, than to be godmother to that good
young creature's baby !"
    Mr. Peggotty nodded his understanding of my aunt's feelings, but could
not trust himself with any verbal reference to the subject of her conimen-
dation. We all remained silent, and occupied with our own reflections
(my aunt drying her eyes, and now sobbing convulsively, and now laugh-
ing and calling herself a fool) ; until I spoke.
    "You have quite made up your mind," said I to Mr. Peggotty, "as to
the future, good friend? I need scarcely ask you."
       Quite, Mas'r Davy," he returned ; " and told Em'ly, Theer 'S mighty
countries, fur from heer. Our future life lays over the sea."
    " They will emigrate together, aunt," said I.

    "Yes! " said Mr. Peggotty, with a hopeful smile. "No one can't
reproach my darling i11 Australia. We will begin a new life over theer!"
    I asked him if he yet proposed to himself any time for going away.
    " I was down at the Docks early this morning, sir," he returned, " to

get information concerning of them ships. I n about six weeks or two
months from now, there 'l1 be one sailing-I see her this morning-went
aboard-and we shall take our passage in her."
    " Quite alone ? " I asked.
    " Aye, Mas'r Davy ! " he returned. " My sister, you see, she 'S that fond
of you and yourn, and that accustomed to think on'y of her own country,
that it wouldn't be hardly fair to let her go. Besides which, theer's one
she has in charge, Mas'r Davy, as doen't ought to be forgot."
    " Poor Ham ! " said I.
    'I My good sister takes care of his house, you see, ma'am, and he takes
