                                             ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                      7


                     Works by Mr. Charles Dickens.
                                                        I.
               Complete   in   One thick Volume 880, price 21s. in cloth, o r 24s. 6d. half-bound.

                                   DOMBEY AND SON.
                          WITH FORTY ILLUSTRATIONS ON STEEL, BY H. K. BROWNE.
                                                         11.
               I n One Volume demy 8w0, price 1 ls., uniform with "The Pickwick Papers."

THE LIFE &ADVENTURES OF OLIVER TWIST.
    *.*    This Edition has been carefully corrected by the Author tl~roughont,and contains the whole of the
                                Origil~allllustrat~onsby tinoacE C R U I K S H A N K .


                           PICTURESFROM ITALY.
                                          Second Edition.      Pep. 8a0, 6s.


           MR. DICKENS'S CHRISTMAS BOOKS.
                        I n small 8vo.     Price 5s. each, bound in cloth, with gilt edges.
THE ILLUSTRATIONS BY D. MACLISE, R.A., CLARKSON STANFIELD, R.A.,                    FRANK STONE, JOHN LEECH,
                          JOHN TENNIEL, AND RICHARD DOYLE.
A Christmas Carol, ~n prose.                                   The Cricket on the Hearth.               A Fairy Tale
The Chimes. A Goblin story           of some Bells                of Home.
    that rang an Old Year Out, and a New Year In.
                                                               The Haunted Man and the Ghosts'
The Battle of Life.              A ~ove~tory.                     Bargain.

                               BRADBURY AND EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET.


                     FORSTER'S                  LIFE OF GOLDSMITH.
      I n One L a r g e Volume, 8v0, price 21s., with F o r t y illustrations o n Wood, from designs by
                          STANFIELD,  MACLISE, LEECH,DOYLE,and HAMERTON,

                                  THE LIFE AND ADVENTURES O F

             OLIVER                                  GOLDSMITH.
                                          BY JOHN FORSTER,
             Of tbe Inner Temple, Barrister, Author of "Lives of Statesmen of the Commonwealth."
   "A biography executed with a spirit, a feeling, a grace, and an eloquence, that leave nothing
t o b e desired. Indeed, i t would h a v e been presumption i n m e t o u n d e r t a k e t h e subject a f t e r it
had b e e n t h u s felicitously treated, did I n o t s t a n d committed b y m y previous sketch.''
                                                           WASHIN~TO    I RNV ~ N DPreface
                                                                                    'S     to his Lye of Goldsmit h.

          BRADBURY & EVANS, 11, BOUVERIE STREET; AND CHAPMAN & HALL, 186, STRAND.

              I n two handsome Volumes, b e a u t ~ u l l y p r i n t e din medium 8w0, price 32s. cloth,
                                                THE WORKS OF

              WALTER SAVAGE LANDOR.
                                               INCLUDING
The Imaginary Conversations, with a New and Ori-     Pentameron of Boccaccio and Petrarca.
    ginal Series.                                    Hellenics (nowfor the first time published,) Tragedies,
Pericles and Aspasia.                                    and Poems.
Examination of Shakspeare.
                  With many large Additions throughout, and the Author's last corrections.

                                 LONDON: EDWARD MOXON, DOVER STREET.
