              THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

We, being quite prepared for this event, ahich was of course a proceed-
ing of Uriah Heep's, soon paid the money; and in five minutes more
Mr. Micawber was seated at the table, lilling up the stamps with an ex-
pression of perfect joy, M hich only that congenial employment, or the
making of punch, could impart in full completeness to his shining
face. To see him at work on the stamps, with the relish of an artist,
touching them like pictures, looking at them sideways, taking weighty
notes of clates and amounts in his pocket-book, and contemplating
them           finished, with a high sense of their precious value, was a
sight indeed.
   "Now, the best thing you can do, sir, if you 'l1 allow me to advise
you," said my aunt, after silently observing him, " is to abjure that occu-
pation for evermore."
   "Madam," replied Mr. Micawber, "it is my intention to register such
a vow on the virgin page of the future. Mrs. Micawber will attest it.
I trust," said Mr. Micawber, solemnly, "that my son Wilkins will ever
bear in mind, that he had infinitely better put his fist in the fire, than use
it to handle the serpents that have poisoned the life-blood of his unhappy
parent ! " Deeply affected, and changed in a moment to the image of
despair, Mr. Micawb~rregarded the serpents with a look of gloomy
abhorrence (in which his late admiration of them was not quite subdued),
folded them up, and put them in his pocket.
    This closed the proceedings of the evening. We were weary with
sorrow and fatigue, and my aunt and I were to return to London on the
morrow. It was arranged that the Micawbers should follow us, after
effecting a sale of their goods to a broker; that Mr. JtTickfield's affairs
 should be brought to a settlement, with all convenient speed, under
 the direction of Traddles; and that Agnes should also come to
London, pending those arrangements. M-e passed the night at the old
house, which, freed from the presence of the Heeps, secmed purged
 of a disease; and I lay in my old room, like a shipwrecked wariderer
come home.
    We went back next day to my aunt's house-not to mine ; and when
she and I sat alone, as of old, before going to bed, she said :
    "Trot, do you really wish to know what I have had upon my mind
latelv ? "
    " Indeed I do, aunt.     If there ever was a time when I felt unwilliilg
that you should have a sorrow or anxiety which I could not share, it is
now."
    " You have had sorrow enough, child," said my aunt, affectionately,
 "without the addition of my little miseries. I could have no other
motive, Trot, in keeping anything from you."
    " I know that well," said I.    " But tell me now."
    "JVould yon ride with me a little way to-morrow morning?" asked
my aunt.
    '' Of course."
    "At nine," said she. " I '11 tell you then, my dear."
    At nine, accordingly, we went out in a little chariot, and drove to
 London. We drove a long way through the streets, until we came to one
 of the large hospitals. Standing hard by the building was a plain hearse.
