              THE PERSONAL BISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 I wondered if she ever read them now; if she would ever read them
 more !
    The house was so still, that I heard the girl's light step up stairs. On
 her return, she brought a message, to the effect that Mrs. Steerforth was
 an invalid and could not come down; but, that if I would excuse her
being in her chamber, she would be glad to see me. I n a few moments I
stood before her.
    She was in his room; not in her own. I felt, of course, that she had
taken to occupy it, in remembrance of him; and that the many tokens of
his old sports and accomplishments, by which she was surrounded,
remained there, just as he had left them, for the same reason. She mur-
mured, however, even in her reception of me, that she was out of her own
chamber because its aspect was unsuited to her infirmity; and with her
stately look repelled the least suspicion of the truth.
    At her chair, as usual, was Rosa Dartle. From the first moment of
her dark eyes resting on me, I saw she knew I was the bearer of evil
tidings. The scar sprung into view that instant. She withdrew herself
a step behind the chair, to keep her own face out of Mrs. Steerforth's
observation ; and scrutinised me with a piercing gaze that never faltered,
never shrunk.
    " I am soiry to observe you are in mourning, sir," said Nrs. Steerforth.
    " I am unhappily a widower," said I,
    "You are very young to know so great a loss," she returned. "I am
 grieved to hear it. I am grieved to hear it. I hope Time will be good
to you."
    " I hope Time," said I, looking at her, "will be good to all of us.
 Dear Nrs. Steerforth, we must all trust to that, in our heaviest mis-
 fortunes."
    The earnestness of my manner, and the tears in my eyes, alarmed her.
 The whole course of her thoughts appeared to stop, and change.
    I tried to command my voice in gently saying his name, but it trembled.
 She repeated it to herself, two or three times, in a low tone. Then,
addressing me, she said, with enforced calmness :
    " My son is ill."
    " Very ill."
    " You have seen him ? "
    " I have."

    " Are you reconciled ? "
    I could not say Yes, I could not say No. She slightly turned her
head towards the spot where Rosa Dartle had been standing at her elbow,
and in that moment I said, by the motion of my lips, to Rosa "Dead ! "
   That Mrs. Steerforth might not be induced to look behind her, and
read, plainly written, what she was not yet prepared to know, I met her
look quickly; but I had seen Rosa Dartle throw her hands up in
the air with vehemence of despair and horror, and then clasp them on
her face.
   The handsome lady-so like, 0 so like!-regarded me with a fixed
look, and put her hand to her forehead. I besought her to be calm, and
prepare herself to bear what I had to tell; but I should rather have
entreated her to weep, for she sat like a stone figure.
