182            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

     "Thank you, sir," retorted Mrs. Heep. "We know our station and
 are thankful in it."
     Ifound that Mrs. Heep gradually got nearer to me, and that Uriah gra-
 dually got opposite to me, and that theyrespectfullyplied mewith the choicest
 of the eatables on the table. There was nothing particularly choice there, to
 be sure; but I took the will for the deed, and felt that they were very attentive.
 Presently they began to talk about aunts, and then I told them about mine ;
 and about fathers and mothers, and then I told them about mine ; and then
 Mrs. Heep began to talk about fathers-in-law, and then I began to tell her
 about mine-but stopped, because my aunt had advised me to observe a
 silence on that subject. A tender young cork, however, would have had no
 more chance against a pair of corkscrews, or a tender young tooth against a
 pair of dentists, or a little shuttlecock against two battledores, than I had
  against Uriah and Mrs. Heep. They did just what they liked with me ; and
 wormed things out of me that I had no desire to tell, with a certainty I
 blush to think of: the more especially as, in my juvenile frankness, I took
 some credit to myself for being so ccnfidential, and felt that I was quite
 the patron of my two respectful entertainers.
    They were very fond of one another : that was certain. I take it that
had its effect upon me, as a touch of nature ; but the skill with which the
 one followed up whatever the other said, was a touch of art which I was
 still less proof against. When there was nothing more to be got out of
 me about myself (for on the Murdstone and Grinby life, and on my journey,
 I was dumb), they began about Mr. Wickfield and Agnes. Uriah threw
 the ball to Mrs. Heep, Mrs. Heep caught it and threw it back to Uriah,
 Uriah kept it up a little while, then sent it back to Mrs. Heep, and so
 they went on tossing it about until I had no idea who had got it, and was
 quite bewildered. The ball itself was always changing too. Now it was
 Mr. Wickfield, now Agnes, now the excellence of Mr. Wickfield, now my
 admiration of Agnes; now the extent of Mr. Wickfield's business and
 resources, now our domestic life after dinner; now, the wine that Mr.
 Wickfield took, the reason why he took it, and the pity that it was he took
 so much ;now one thing, now another, then everything at once ; and all
the time, without appearing to speak very often, or to do anything but
 sometimes encourage them a little, for fear they should be overcome by
 their humility and the honor of my company, I found myself perpetually
 letting out something or other that I had no business to let out, and
 seeing the effect of it in the twinkling of Uriah's dinted nostrils.
    I had begun to be a little uncomfortable, and to wish myself well out of
 the visit, when a figure coming down the street passed the door-it
stood open to air the room, which was warm, the weather being close for the
time of year-came back again, looked in, and walked in, exclaiming
loudly, " Copperfield ! I s it possible ! "
    I t was Mr. Micawber ! I t was Mr. Micawber, with his eye-glass, and
his walking-stick, and his shirt-collar, and his genteel air, and the con-
descending roll in his voice, all complete !
    "My dear Copperfield," said Mr. Micawber, putting out his hand,
"this is indeed a meeting which is calculated to impress the mind with
a sense of the instability and uncertainty of all human-in short, it is a
most extraordinary meeting. Walking along the street, reflecting upon
the probability of something turning up (of which I am at present rather
