356            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   I seriously believe it had never once entered my head for a single
moment, to consider whether she was or not. I resented the idea, of
course ; but I was in a manner struck by it, as a new one altogether.
      Not light-headed ? " said my aunt.
      Light-headed, aunt ! " I could only repeat this daring speculation
with the same kind of feeling with which I had repeated the preceding
question.
   " Well, well ! " said my aunt.       " I only ask. I don't depreciate her.
Poor little couple! And so you think you were formed for one another,
and are to go through a party-supper-table kind of life, like two pretty
pieces of confectionary, do you, Trot? "
   She asked me this so kindly, and with such a gentle air, half playful
and half sorrowful, that I was quite touched.
   " We are young and inexperienced, aunt, I know," I replied; " and I
dare say we say and think a good deal that is rather foolish. But we love
one another truly, I am sure. If I thought Dora could ever love any-
body else, or cease to love me; or that I could ever love anybody else, or
cease to love her; I don't know what I should do-go out of my mind,
I think ! "
   " Ah, Trot ! " said my aunt, shaking her head, and smiling gravely ;
" blind, blind, blind ! "
    " Some one that I know, Trot," my aunt pursued, after a pause, "though

of avery pliant disposition, has an earnestness of aEection in him thatreminds
me of poor Baby. Earnestness is what that Somebody must look for, to
sustain him and improve him,Trot. Deep, downright, faithful earnestness."
    " If you only knew the earnestness of Dora, aunt ! " I cried.

    " Oh, Trot ! " she said again ; " blind, blind ! " and without knowing
why, I felt a vague unhappy loss or want of something overshadow me like
a cloud.
    " However," said my aunt, "I don't want to put two young creatures
out of conceit with themselves, or to make them unhappy ; so, though it is
a girl and boy attachment, and girl and boy attachments very often-mind !
I don't say always !-come to nothing, still we '11 be serious about it, and
hope for a prosperous issue one of these days. There's time enough for
it to come to anything !"
    This was not upon the whole very comforting to a rapturous lover ; but
I was glad to have my aunt in my confidence, and I was mindful of her
being fatigued. So I thanked her ardently for this mark of her affection,
and for all her other kindnesses towards me; and after a tender good
night, she took her nightcap into my bedroom.
    How miserable I was, when I lay down ! How I thought and thought
about my being poor, in Mr. Spenlow's eyes; about my not being what I
thought I was, when I proposed to Dora; about the chivalrous necessity
of telling Dora what my worldly condition was, and releasing her from
her engagement if she thought fit ; about how I should contrive to live,
during the long term of my articles, when I was earning nothing ; about
doing something to assist my aunt, and seeing no way of doing anything ;
about coming down to have no money inmy pocket, and to wear a shabby
coat, and to be able to carry Dora no little presents, and to ride no
 gallant greys, and to show myself in no agreeable light! Sordid and
 selfish as I knew it was, and as I tortured myself by knowing that it was,
