                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         255
 saying, "Why did you try to smoke? You might have known you
 couldn't do it." Now, somebody was unsteadily contemplating his features
 in the looking-glass. That was I too. I was very pale in the looking-
 glass; my eyes had a vacant appearance; and my hair-only my hair,
 nothing else-looked drunk.
    Somebody said to me, " Let us go to the theatre, Copperfield !" There
 was no bed-room before me, but again the jingling table covered with
 glasses ; the lamp ; Grainger on my right hand, Markham on my left, and
 Steerforth opposite-all sitting in a mist, and a long way off. The
 theatre? To besure. The very thing. Come along! But they must
 excuse me if I saw everybody out first, and turned the lamp off-in case
 of fire.
    Owing to some confusion in the dark, the door was gone. I was feeling
 for it in the window-curtains, when Steerforth, laughing, took me by the
 arm and led me out. We went down-stairs, one behind another. Near
the bottom, somebody fell, and rolled down. Somebody else said it was
 Copperfield. I was angry at that false report, until, finding myself on my
back in the passage, I began to think there might be some foundation
for it.
    A very foggy night, with great rings round the lamps in the streets !
There was an indistinct talk of its being wet. I considered it frosty.
Steerforth dusted me under a lamp-post, and put my hat into shape,
which somebody produced from somewhere in a most extraordinary
manner, for I hadn't had it on before. Steerforth then said, " You are all
right, Copperfield, are you not? " and I told him, " Neverberrer."
   A man, sitting in a pigeon-hole-place, looked out of the fog, and took
money from somebody, inquiring if I was one of the gentlemen paid for,
and appearing rather doubtful (as I remember in the glimpse I had of
him) whether to take the money for me or not. Shortly afterwards, we
were very high up in a very hot theatre, looking down into a large
pit, that seemed to me to smoke; the people with whom it was
crammed were so indistinct. There was a great stage, too, looking very
clean and smooth after the streets ; and there were people upon it, talking
about something or other, but not at all intelligibly. There was an
abundance of bright lights, and there was music, and there were ladies
down in the boxes, and I don't know what more. The whole building
looked to me, as if it were learning to swim; it conducted itself in such
an unaccountable manner, when I tried to steady it.
    On somebody's motion, we resolved to go down-stairs to the dress-
boxes, where the ladies were. A gentleman lounging, full dressed, on a
sofa, with an opera-glass in his hand, passed before my view, and also my
own figure at full length in a glass. Then I was being ushered into one
of these boxes, and found myself saying something as I sat down,
and people about me crying " Silence ! " to somebody, and ladies casting
indignant glances at me, and-what ! yes !-Agnes, sitting on the seat
before me, in the same box, with a lady and gentleman beside her,
whom I didn't know. I see her face now, better than I did then I dare
say, with its indelible look of regret and wonder turned upon me.
    " Agnes ! " I said, thickly, " Lorblessmer ! Agnes ! "

    " Hush ! Pray ! " she answered, I could not conceive why. a You
disturb the company. Look at the stage ! "
