                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         461
 heads on young shoulders. You have studied Annie's character, and
 you understand it. That's what I find so charming ! "
    Even the calm and patient face of Doctor Strong expressed some little
 sense of pain, I thought, under the infliction of these compliments.
    "Therefore, my dear Doctor," said the Soldier, giving him several
 affectionate taps, "you may command me, at all times and seasons. Now,
 do understand that I am entirely at your service. I am ready to go
 with Annie to operas, concerts, exhibitions, all kinds of places ; and you
 shall never find that I am tired. Duty, my dear Doctor, before every
 consideration in the universe ! "
    She was as good as her word. She was one of those people who can
 bear a great deal of pleasure, and she never flinched in her perseverance
 in the cause. She seldom got hold of the newspaper (which she settled
herself down in the softest chair in the house to read through an eye-
glass, every day, for two hours), but she found out something that she
was certain Annie would like to see. I t was in vain for Annie to protest
 that she was weary of such things. Her mother's remonstrance always
was, "Now, my dear Annie, I am sure you know better ; and I must tell
you, my love, that you are not making a proper return for the kindness of
Doctor Strong."
    This was usually said in the Doctor's presence, and appeared to me to
constitute Annie's principal inducement for withdrawing her objections
when she made any. But in general she resigned herself to her mother,
and went where the Old Soldier would.
    I t rarely happened now that Mr. Maldon accompanied them. Some-
times my aunt and Dora were invited to do so, and accepted the invi-
tation. Sometimes Dora only was asked. The time had been, when I
should have been uneasy in her going ; but reflection on what had passed
that former night in the Doctor's study, had made a change in my mistrust.
I believed that the Doctor was right, and I had no worse suspicions.
    My aunt rubbed her nose sometimes when she happened to be alone
with me, and said she couldn't make it out; she wished they were hap-
pier; she didn't think our military friend (so she always called the Old
Soldier) mended the matter at all. Xly aunt further expressed her opinion
"that if our military friend would cut off those butterflies, and give 'em
to the chimney-sweepers for May-day, it would look like the beginning of
something sensible on her part."
   But her abiding reliance was on Mr. Dick. That man had evidently an
idea in his head, she said; and if lie could only once pen it up into a
corner, which was his great difficulty, he would distinguish himself in
some extraordinary manner.
   Unconscious of this prediction, Mr. Dick continued to occupy precisely
the same ground in reference to the Doctor and to Mrs. Strong. He seemed
neither to advance nor to recede. He appeared to have settled into his
original foundation, like a building; and I must confess that my faith in
his ever moving, was not much greater than if he had been a building.
   BLI~one night, when I had been married some months, Mr. Dick put
his head into the parlor, where I was writing alone (Dora having gone
out with my aunt to take tea with the two little birds), and said, with a
significant cough :
