                                         Nos. XIX & XX.-NOVEMBER,1850,

COPPERFIELD ADVERTISER.
                ROYAL BANK BUILDINGS,
 LIVERPOOL,                September, 1850.
 I n September, 1840-We       Opened a department for the
          supplying of Families with Tea and Cofee-upon a
          principle calculated to u.ord the greatest advantage
          i n Price-with every security as to Quality.
 WHEN QUALITY is thus made the primary consideration
      -and     Price is fixed upon strictly economical
      principles-we were confident that our interest-as
      involved in the question of Profit-would   be fully
      secured by an increasing demand, which has been,
      and must be, the result of such a system-so
      obviously based.
 THE CONSTAATT care and exact; judgement exercised i n
            our method of selection and classification of
            qualities-have  been appreciated, and proved by
            the continually increasing extent of the FAMILY
            TRADE-in connection with our Establishment.
WE CANNOT refrain from directing the attention of
     Family Purchasers, to the present anomalous state
     of the-TEA MARKET-V~Z.
THE FIRSTCOST o f good and choice kinds is,-at         present,-unusually
    reasonable, at the same time, there is an increasing demand for the
    commonest BLACKTEA. This indicates that-CHEAPNESS-being           more
    regarded b y many Dealers than QUALITY-Disappointment is the
    necessary consequence, t o FAiCfILIhX whose supplies are derived from
    parties not possessing the requisite advantages in SELECTION and
    PURCHASE.


ROB? ROBERTS & COMPT.
               Entrance up the Steps-leading             to the BANIC.

NOTE.-Liverpool       with its Docks, stands eminently advantageous for the
    Importing of Tea. Its superior Shipping Trade, having Docks covering
    upwards of 250 Statute Acres-with more than 20 miles of Quay space, a n
    amount of accommodation to be found in no other Port i a the World.
The Low Rates of Shipping Charges and the great facility for Dispatch,-have
    already secured to the Port of Liverpool nearly the whole of the Export
    Trade to China.
