                                                     ADVERTISEMENTS.                                                                 3


                         K I R B Y , B E A R D , & CO.,
ORIGINAL PATENTEES & MANUFACTURERS OF THE NE PLUS ULTRA & ROYAL DIAMOND PATENT
                      PINS AND NEEDLES,
     T O HER M O S T EXCELLENT MAJESTY QUEEN VICTORIA.
T n s acknowledged excellence of the above Pins and Needles, manufactured solely by KIRBV,BEARD.& CO.
under their immediate superintendence, has justly rendered them worthy of the extensive patronage and high
reputation which they have so long maintained.
  The combined efforts of mechanical ingenuity and long practical experience have brought them to the
highest possible perfection ; and K., B., and Co. confidently recommend them a s superior to all others, from
their possessing all the requisites sought after in these very useful articles.
  K., B., & Co., in presenting themselves as long-established manufacturers, beg most respectfully to caution
Ladies,-to prevent their being deceived by imperfect productions in imitation of, and purporting t o he of their
manufacture,-that they have, to distinguish them, afflxed to their
                    Ne Plus Ultra and Royal Diamond
                  PATENT P I N S AND NEEDLES,
                                A Gold Label, bearing the name of the Firm in full,
                       WITHOUT W H I C H N O N E                               A R E GENUINE.
  Sold by all the principal Haberdashers, Silk Mercers, and Drapers in the United Kingdom-and                              Wholesale
and for Exportation by
                           KIRBY, BEARD, & CO, 46, C A N N O N  STREET,LONDON.




PERFECT         FREEDOM          F R O M COUGHS I N T E N MINUTES, A N D INSTANT                                          RELIEF
       AND       A RAPID          CURE O F ASTHMA                          AND      CONSUMPTION,                COUGHS,
             COLDS, A N D A L L D I S O R D E R S O F                      THE      B R E A T H A N D LUNGS,
                                          A R E INSURED                      BY


D R . Small
     a,*
              C containi~q
                  O C K 'many
        L Obooks,              P U Lof properly
                           S hundreds   M O authenticated
                                                NIC W           AFERS.
                                                          ITesti71zoniuls,may be
                                                    had from every Agent.
Extract of a Letter from Mr. Lynch, Chemist, Market                                 Middleton, near Manchester.
                 Street, Manchester.                                     Sir,-T am now forty-four years of age, and I have
  Gentlemen                                                            been afflicted with a severe asthmatic cough since I
       I enc~dseyou a letter received from a party                     was a boy of 15 yearsofage; during that time I have
who has derived great benefit from Dr. Locock's                        resorted to every means in my power toremove it, but
Wafers. We are constantly receiving testimonials of                    in vain, until last Sunday, when 1 sent for asmall box
their efficacy.                                                        of Dr. Locock's Wafers. I have taken two boxes since,
                                 I am, &c.,                            and from the effect they have upon m e I feel no doubt
                                     J. H. LYNCH.                      of a speedy recovery.     (Signed)    G. STRINGER
  T O S I N G E R S A N D PUBLIC SPEAKERS t h e y are i n v a l u a b l e , as in a f e w h o u r s
they r e m o v e a l l hoarseness, a n d w o n d e r f u l l y i n c r e a s e t h e p o w e r a n d flexibility of the voice.
  They have a pleasant taste.                           Price     1s. lBd., 2s. Sd., and 11s. p e r box.
AGENTS: DA S I L V A & CO.,          1, B r i d e - l a n e ,   Fleet-street, London.    S o l d by all M e d i c i n e V e n d o r s .
                                       -
                                                                  ALSO,

                       DR. LOCOCKJS FEMALE WAFERS.
   HAVENO TASTEOE MEDICINE,and are the only remedy recommended to be taken by Ladies. They
 fortify the constitution a t all periods of life, and in all Nervous Affections act like a Charm. They remove
 Heaviness, Fatigue on Slight Exertion, Palpitation of the Heart, Lowness of Spirits, Weakness, and Allay
 Pain.
   They create Appetite, and remove Indigestion, Heart-bnrn, Wind, Head-aches, Giddiness, &c.
   In Hysterical Diseases, a proper perseverance i n the use of this Medicine will be found to effect a Cure
 after all other means have failed.
                                    **f Full Directions are given with every box.
   NOTE.-These Wafers do not contain any Mineral, and may be taken either dissolved in water, or whole.
                                 P r i c e 1s. l i d , 2s. Sd., a n d 11s. p e r Box.
        The 2s. gd. Boxes contain nearly three of the small size, and the 11s. Boxes five of those a t 28.9d.
                         BEWARE OF COUNTERFEITS I N THE FORM OF PILLS.

T H E TOILET of BEAUTY furnishes innumerable proofs of the high estima-
     tion m whlch GOWLAND'S LOTION is held by the most distinguished possessors of brilliant
complexions. This elegant preparation comprehends the preservation of the complexion, both from the effects
of cutaneous malady and the operation of variable temperature, by refreshing its deiicacy and preserving the
brightest tints with w h ~ c hbeauty is adorned.-"  ROBERT SHAW, London," is in whtte letters o n the
Government stamp of the genuine. Price 2s. gd. and 5s. 6d. ;quarts. 8s. 6d.
