                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            521
and drop me a line where to forward it. Dear me! " said Mr. Omer,
" when a man is drawing on to a time of life, where the two ends of life

meet ; when he finds himself, however hearty he is, being wheeled about for
the second time, in a speeches of go-cart ; he should be over-rejoiced to
do a kindness if he can. He wants plenty. And I don't speak of myself,
particular," said Mr. Omer, "because, sir, the way I look at it is, that
we are all drawing on to the bottom of the hill, whatever age we are, on
account of time never standing still for a single moment. So let us always
do a kindness, and be over-rejoiced. To be sure ! "
   He knocked the ashes out of his pipe, and put it on a ledge in the back
of his chair, expressly made for its reception.
    " There 'S Em'ly's cousin, him that she was to have been married to,"

said Mr. Omer, rubbing his hands feebly, "as fine a fellow as there is in
Yarmouth ! H e 'l1 come and talk or read to me, in the evening, for an
hour together sometimes. That 'S a kindness, I should call it ! All his
life 'S a kindness."
    "I am going to see him now," said I.
   "Are you? " said Mr. Omer. "Tell him I was hearty, and sent my
respects. Minnie and Joram's at a ball. They would be as proud to
see you as I am, if they was at home. Minnie won't hardly go out at
all, you see, ' on account of father,' as she says. So I swore to-night, that
if she didn't go, I ' d go to bed at six. I n consequence of which," Mr.
Omer shook himself and his chair, with laughter at the success of his device,
"she and Joram 'S at a ball."
   I shook hands with him, and wished him good night.
    "Half a minute, sir," said Mr. Omer. "If you was to go without
seeing my little elephant, you 'd lose the best of sights. You never see
such a sight ! Minnie ! "
   A musical little voice answered, from somewhere upstairs, " I am coming,
grandfather ! " and a pretty little girl with long, flaxen, curling hair, soon
came running into the shop.
   "This is my little elephant, sir," said Mr. Omer, fondling the child.
" Siamese breed, sir.     Now, little elephant ! "
    The little elephant set the door of the parlor open, enabling me to see
that, in these latter days, it was converted into a bedroom for Mr. Omer,
who could not be easily conveyed upstairs; and then hid her pretty
forehead, and tumbled her long hair, against the back of Mr. Omer's
chair.
    " The elephant butts, you know, sir," said Mr. Omer, winking, " when
he goes at a object. Once, elephant. Twice. Three times ! "
    At this signal, the little elephant, with a dexterity that was next to mar-
vellous in so small an animal, whisked the chair round with Mr. Omer in it,
and rattled it off, pell-mell, into the parlor, without touching the doorpost :
Mr. Omer indescribably enjoying the performance, and looking back at
me on the road as if it were the triumphant issue of his life's exertions.
    After a stroll about the town, I went to Ham's house. Peggotty had
now removed here for good ; and had let her own house to the successor
of Mr. Barkis in the carrying business, who had paid her very well for
the good-will, cart, and horse. I believe the very same slow horse that
Mr. Barkis drove, was still at work.
    I found them in the neat kitchen, accompanied by Mrs. Gummidge, who
