                                                       ADVERTISEMENTS.                                          11
                                                       -  .---
                                                            -      ---




                    ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
 THE superiority of Alpaca over every other material for Umbrellas, being
 now generally acknowledged, and the Patentees having granted licenses to
 several of the largest Manufacturers, the Public are respectfully informed
 that they may be procured of most Umbrella Dealers in the Kingdom,
 at the price of 10s. 6d. and upwards.
                                        W. & J. SANGSTER,
        140, Regent Street ; 94, Fleet Street ; and 10, Royal Exchange.
     N.B.Upwards of 35,000 of these Umbrellas have been already sold.
 W. & J. S. have also always on hand a very extensive Stock of cheap
                                          SILK UMBRELLAS,
                    From 7s. to 10s. 6d. ; and best ditto from 15s. to 21s.


                                    S. STRAKEE'S
    LITHOCRAPHIC&ENCRAVINC ESTABLISHMENT
            N9 80, BISHOPSGATE ST WITHIN LONDON.
    DRAWINCS,MAPS,PtANS.FC SIMILES,WUITINGS.LABELS.MANUFACTURERSPATTERN$&c&c
       OFEVERY DESCRIPTION IN THEFIRSTSTYLE WITHECONOMY & EXPEDITION,

   STRAKER'S NEW & IMPRUVEU SIUC, k u r ~ l l i n lL ~ V ~rKtsJita,
                                                            K
               which for every character of work stands unrivalled; in sizes from 15 by 20 Inches upwards.
                              IMPORTER OF LITHOGRAPHIC STONES,
           The most extensive Stocks of which are constantly on hand and a t the lowest current rates.
                                             DETAILED PRICE LISTS
   Of Presses, and every Material and Instrument in the art, together with Designs, forwarded on application.
                     Instruction in the Art afforded to Amateurs and Public Institutions.

 T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
  The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything yet
produced, that the Manufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and the
Connoisseur, that one may be convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, at the establishment of the
Sole Inventor, F. Browne, 47, FENCHURCH-ST.
     F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE OF MEASURING T H E HEAD.
  Round the head in the manner of a fillet ,1e a v n g A t          d Inches. Eighths,
the Ears loose ....................................................
                                   -                    -----
  From the Forehead over to the poll, as deep each/                As dotted
way as required ................................................    2 to 2.
                                                           -        1      -   --
  From one Temple to the other, across the rise or: As marked
Crown of the head to where the Hair grows ............I
                                                        - 3 to 3.
            THE CHARGE FOR THIS UNIQUE HEAD O F HAIR ONLY 21 10s.

B A L S A M COPAIBA, and all other medicines of a nauseous character may
       now be taken without inconvenieace, by means of the PATENT ORGANIC CAPSULES. Thesecapsules
will be found superior to those made with Gelatine. They remain entire until they have passed through the stomach
into the intestines. and the medicine being efficiently brought in contact with the organs it is intended to
affect, the usual nausea and unpleasant eructations are avoided. EVANS& LESCHER,          London, Patentees; and
all Medicine Vendore throughout the kingdom.
                                            *,*
                                          Ask for the Patent Plexible Capsules.
