               THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

   " Have you, sir ? "
    '&lt; All your life," said Nr. Omer.     " I may say before it.  I knew your
father before you. He was five foot nine and a half, and he lays in five
 and twen-ty foot of ground."
    "RAT-tat-tat, RAT-tat-tat, RAT-tat-tat," across the yard.
    " He lays in five and twen-ty foot of ground, if he lays in a fraction,"
 said Mr. Omer, pleasantly. " I t was either his request or her direction, I
forget which."
    "Do you know how my little brother is, sir ? " I inquired.
    Mr. Omer shook his head.
    " RAT-tat-tat,      RAT-tat-tat, ~~r-tat-tat."
    " He is in his mother's arms," said he.

    " Oh, poor little fellow ! I s he dead? "
    " Don't mind it more than you can help," said Mr. Omer. " Yes.
The baby's dead."
   My wounds broke out afresh at this intelligence. I left the scarcely-
tasted breakfast, and went and rested my head on another table in a corner
of the little room, which Minnie hastily cleared, lest I should spot the
mourning that was lying there with my tears. She was a pretty good-
natured girl, and put my hair away from my eyes with a soft kind touch ;
but she was very cheerful at having nearly finished her work and being in
good time, and was so different from me !
    Presently the tune left off, and a good-looking young fellow came across
 the yard into the room. He had a hammer in his hand, and his mouth was
 full of little nails, which he was obliged to take out before he could speak.
    " Well, Joram! " said Mr. Omer.        '' How do yo%get on? "
    " All right," said Joram. " Done, sir."
    Minnie colored a little, and the other two girls smiled at one another.
    " What ! you were at it by candle-light last night, when I was at the

club, then? Were you? " said Mr. Omer, shutting up one eye.
    "Yes," said Joram. '' As you said we could make a little trip of it,
and go over together, if it was done, Minnie and me-and you."
    " Oh! I thought you were going to leave me out altogether," said Mr.
Omer, laughing till he coughed.
    "-As       you was so good as to say that," resumed the young man,
"why I turned to with a will, you see. Will you give me your opinion
of i t ? "
    " I will," said Mr. Omer, rising. "My dear ;" and he stopped and
turned to me ; "would you like to see your-          "
    "No, father," Minnie interposed.
   "I thought it might be agreeable, my dear," said Mr. Omer. " But
perhaps you 're right."
   I can't say how I knew it was my dear, dear mother's coffin that they went
to look at. I had never heard one making ; I had never seen one that I
know of: but it came into my mind what the noise was, while it was
going on; and when the young man entered, I am sure I knew what he
had been doing.
   The work being now finished, the two girls, whose names I had not
heard, brushed the shreds and threads from their dresses, and went into
the shop to put that to rights, and wait for customers. Minnie stayed
behind to fold up what they had made, and pack it in two baskets. This
