610            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

together, bnt did not shape our thoughts into words. When, according
to our old custom, we sat before the fire at night, we often fell into this
train; as naturally, and as consc~ouslyto each other, as if we had unre-
servedly said so. But we preserved an unbroken silence. I believed that
she had read, or partly read, my thoughts that night; and that she fully
comprehended why I gave mine no more distinct expression.
   This Christmas-time being come, and Agnes having reposed no new
confidence in me, a doubt that had several times arisen in my mind-
whether she could have that perception of the true state of my breast,
which restrained her with the apprehension of giving me pain-began to
oppress me heavily. If that were so, my sacrifice was nothing ; my plainest
obligation to her unfulfilled; and every poor action I had shrunk from, I
was hourly doing. I resolved to set this right beyond all doubt ;-if such a
barrier were between us, to break it down at once with a determined hand.
   I t was-what      lasting reason have I to remember it !-a cold, harsh,
winter day. There had been snow, some hours before; and it lay, not
deep, but hard-frozen on the ground. Out at sea, beyond my window,
the wind blew ruggedly from the north. I had been thinking of it, sweep-
ing over those mountain wastes of snow in Switzerland, then inaccessible
to any human foot ; and had been speculating which was the lonelier, those
solit,ary regions, or a deserted ocean.
    "Biding to-day, Trot? " said my aunt, putting her headin at the door.
    " Yes," said I, " I am going over to Canterbury. I t 'S a good day for
a ride."
    " I hope your horse may think so too," said my aunt ; "but at present

he is holding down his head and his ears, standing before the door there,
as if he thought his stable preferable."
    My aunt, I may observe, allowed my horse on the forbidden ground,
but had not at all relented toward the donkeys.
    " H e will be fresh enough, presently ! " said I.
    "The ride will do his master good, at all events," observed my aunt,
 glancing at the papers on my table. "Ah, child, you pass a good many
hours here ! I never thought, when I used to read books, what work it
was to write them."
    " It 'S work enough to read them, sometimes," I returned.    " As to the
writing, it has its own charms, aunt."
    " A11 ! I see ! " said my aunt. " Ambition, love of approbation, sym-
pathy, and much more, I suppose ? Well : go along with you ! "
    "Do you know anything more," said I, standing composedly before her
-she had patted me on the shoulder, and sat down in my chair, " of that
attachment of Agnes? "
   She loolred up in my face a little while, before replying :
   " I think I do, Trot."
   "Are you confirmed in your impression? " I inquired.
   " I think I am, Trot."

   She looked so steadfastly at me : with a kind of doubt, or pity, or
suspense in her affection : that I summoned the stronger determination to
show her a perfectly cheerful face.
    " And what is more, Trot-"      said my aunt.
    "Yes!"
