66            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

to him ! what a launch in life I think it now, on looking back, to be so
mean and servile to a man of such parts and pretensions !
   Here I sit at the desk again, watching his eye-humbly watching his
eye, as he rules a cyphering-book for another victim whose hands have
just been flattened by that identical ruler, and who is trying to wipe the
sting out with a pocket-handkerchief. I have plenty to do. I don't
watch his eye in idleness, but because I am morbidly attracted to it, in a
dread desire to know what he will do next, and whether it will be my
turn to suffer, or somebody else's. A lane of small boys beyond me, with
the same interest in his eye, watch it too. I think he knows it, though he
pretends he don't. H e makes dreadful mouths as he rules the cyphering-
book; and now he throws his eye sideways down our lane, and we all
droop over our books and tremble. A moment afterwards we are again
eyeing him. An unhappy culprit, found guilty of imperfect exercise,
approaches at his command. The culprit falters excuses, and professes a
determination to do better to-morrow. Mr. Creakle cuts a joke before he
beats him, and we laugh at it,-miserable little dogs, we laugh, with our
visages as white as ashes, and our hearts sinking into our boots.
   Here I sit at the desk again, on a drowsy summer afternoon. A buzz
and hum go up around me, as if the boys were so many blue-bottles. A cloggy
sensation of the lukewarm fat of meat is upon me (we dined an hour or
two ago), and my head is as heavy as so much lead. I would give the
world to go to sleep. I sit with my eye on Mr. Creakle, blinking at him
like a young owl; when sleep overpowers me for a minute, he still looms
through my slumber, ruling those cyphering-books ; until he softly comes
behind me and wakes me to plainer perception of him, with a red ridge
across my back.
   Here I am in the playground, with my eye still fascinated by him,
though I can't see him. The window at a little distance from which I
know he is having his dinner, stands for him, and I eye that instead. If
he shows his face near it, mine assumes an imploring and submissive
expression. If he looks out through the glass, the boldest boy (Steerforth
excepted) stops in the middle of a shout or yell, and becomes contemplative.
One day, Traddles (the most unfortunate boy in the world) breaks that
window accidentally, with a ball. I shudder at this moment with the
tremendous sensation of seeing it done, and feeling that the ball has
bounded on to Mr. Creakle's sacred head.
   Poor Traddles ! I n a tight sky-blue suit that made his arms and legs
like German sausages, or roly-poly puddings, he was the merriest and
most miserable of all the boys. H e was always being caned-I think he
was caned every day that half-year, except one holiday Monday when he
was only ruler'd on both hands-and was always going to write to his uncle
 about it, and never did. After laying his head on the desk for a little
while, he would cheer up, somehow, begin to laugh again, and draw
 skeletons all over his slate before his eyes were dry. I used at first to
wonder what comfort Traddles found in drawing skeletons ; and for some
time looked upon him as a sort of hermit, who reminded himself by those
 symbols of mortality that caning couldn't last for ever. But I believe he
 only did it because they were easy, and didn't want any features.
   H e was very honorable, Traddles was; and held it as a solemn duty in
