                        OX DAVID COPPERFIELD.                         419
   "If she should make her way to London, which is likely-for where
could she lose herself so readily as in this vast city; and what would she
wish to do, but lose and hide herself, if she does not go home?-"
   " And she won't go home," he interposed, shaking his head mournfully.

" If she had left of her own accord, she might ; not as 'twas, sir."

   " If she should come here," said I, " I believe there is one person, here,
more likely to discover her than any other in the world. Do you remember
-hear what I say, with fortitude-think of your great object !-do you
remember Martha ? "
    " Of our town ? "

   I needed no other answer than his face.
   "Do you know that she is in London?"
    " I have seen her in the streets," he answered, with a shiver.
    " But you don't know," said I, "that      Emily was charitable to her,
with Ham's help, long before she fled from home. Nor, that, when we
met one night, and spoke together in the room yondel; over the way, she
listened at the door."
    " Mas'r Davy ? " he replied in astonishment. " That night when it
snew so hard ? "
    " That night.   I have never seen her since. Iwent back, after parting
from you, to speak to her, but she was gone. I was unwilling to mention
her to you then, and I am now; but she is the person of whom I speak,
and with whom I think we should communicate. Do you under-
stand? "
    " Too well, sir," he replied.     We had sunk our voices, almost to a
whisper, and continued to speak in that tone.
    " You say you have seen her. Do you think that you could find her ?
I could only hope to do so by chance."
    " I think. Mas'r Davv. I Itnow wheer to look."

    " I t is daik. Being tGgether, shall we go out now, and try to find her
       " ?"
 to ninht
    He assented, and prepared to accompany me. Without appearing to
 observe what he was doing, I saw how carefully he adjusted the little
 room, put a candle ready and the means of lighting it, arranged the bed,
 and finally took out of a drawer one of her dresses (I remembered to have
 seen her wear it), neatly folded with some other garments, and a bonnet,
 which he placed upon a chair. He made no allusion to these clothes, neither
 did I. There they had been waiting for her, many and many a night, no
 doubt.
    " The time was, Mas'r Davy," he said, as we came down stairs, " when
 I thowt this girl, Martha, a'most like the dirt underneath my Em'ly's feet.
 God forgive me,' there 's a difference now ! "
    As we went along, partly to hold him in conversation, and partly to
 satisfy myself, I asked him about Ham. I-Ie said, almost in the same
 words as formerly, that Ham was just the same, "wearing away his life
 with kiender no care nohow for't; but never murmuring, and l~ked
 by all."
    I asked him what he thought Ham's state of mind was, in reference to
 the cause of their misfortunes? Whether he believed it was dangerous?
