294            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

-in a figurative point of view-on several occasions. I am not exactly
aware," said Mr. Micawber, with the old roll in his voice, and the old
indescribable air of saying something genteel, " what gowans may be, but
I have no doubt that Copperfield and myself would frequently have taken
a pull at them, if it had been feasible."
    Mr. Micawber, at the then present moment, took a pull at his punch. So
we all did : Traddles evidently lost in wondering at what distant time
3fr. Micawber and I could possibly have been comrades in the battle of
the world.
    'r Ahem ! " said Mr. Micawber, clearing his throat, and warming with
the punch and with the fire. " My dear, another glass ? "
    Mrs. Micawber said it must be very little, but we couldn't allow that,
so it was a glassful.
    " As we are quite confidential here, Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs.
Micawber, sipping her punch, "Mr. Traddles being a part of our domes-
ticity, I should much like to have your opinion on Mr. Micawber's prospects.
For corn," said Mrs. Micawber argumentatively, "as I have repeatedly
said to Mr. Micawber, may be gentlemanly, but it is not remunerative.
Commission to the extent of two and nine~encein a fortnight         "   cannot,
however limited our ideas. be considered remunerative."
    We were all agreed upon that.
     " Then," said Mrs. Micawber, who prided herself on taking a clear view
 of things, and keeping Mr. Micawber straight by her woman's wisdom,
 when he might otherwise go a little crooked, " then I ask myself this
 question. If corn is not to be relied upon, what i s ? Are coals to be
 relied upon ? Not at all. We have turned our attention to that experi-
 ment, on the suggestion of my family, and we find it fallacious."
     Mr. Micawber, leaning back in his chair with his hands in his pockets,
 eyed us aside, and nodded his head, as much as to say that the case was very
 clearly put.
     r c The articles of corn and coals," said Mrs. Micawber, still more argu-
 mentatively, "being equally out of the question, Mr. Copperfield, I
 naturally look round the world, and say, ' What is there in which a person
 of Mr. Micawber's talent is likely to succeed? ' And I exclude the doing
 anything on commission, because commission is not a certainty. What is
best suited to a person of Mr. Micawber's peculiar temperament, is, I am
convinced, a certainty."
     Traddles and I both expressed, by a feeling murmur, that this great
 discovery was no doubt true of Mr. Micawber, and that it did him much
credit.
     " I will not conceal from you, my dear Mr. Copperfield," said Mrs.
Micawber, "that I have long felt the Brewing business to be particularly
adapted to Mr. Micawber. Look at Barclay and Yerkins ! Look at Tru-
man, Hanbury, and Buxton ! I t is on that extensive footing that Mr.
Micawber, I know from my own knowledge of him, is calculated to shine;
and the profits, I am told, are e-NOR-mous ! But if Mr. Micawber cannot
get into those firms-which decline to answer his letters, when he offers
his services even in an inferior capacity-what is the use of dwelling
upon that idea? None. I may have a conviction that Mr. Micawber's
manners "-
