                                                     ADVERTISEMENTS.                                      11
 --                                                              - -     --                  -   --




                   ALPACA UMBRELLAS.
 THE superiority of Alpaca over every other material for Umbrellas, being
 now generally acknowledged, and the Patentees having granted licenses to
 several of the largest Manufacturers, the Public are respectfully informed
 that they may be procured of most Umbrella Dealers in the Kingdom,
 at the price of 10s. 6d. and upwards.
                                      W. & J. SANGSTER,
             140, Regent Street; 94, Fleet Street; and 10, Royal Exchange.
     N.B. Upwards of 35,000 of these Umbrellas have been already sold.
 W. & J. S. have also always on hand a very extensive Stock of cheap
                                        SILK UMBRELLAS,
                   From 7s. to 10s. 6d. ; and best ditto from 15s. to 21s.

                  DEFORMITIES OF T H E CHEST AND SPINE.
                                      EAGLAND'S newly invented INVISIBLE SPINE
                                  SUPPORTERS will be foilnd well deserving the atten-
                                  tion of the Medical Profession, and of persons suffering
                                  under Spinal deformity and its consequences. As any
                                  attempt a t a description must needs fall short of giving
                                  a correct idea of the plan itself, Mr. EAGLAND solicits
                                  a n inspection. They are beautifully simple and emi-
                                  nently successful, quite imperceptible, and conceal the
                                  deformity from the keenest observer. Mr. E. has the
                                  pleasure t o add, that he is empowered to refer t o ladies
                                  of the highest respectability a s to the remedial effects
                                  produced by their use.
                                      12, COVENTRY STREET, HAYMARKET,
                                                  LONDON.
                                                     *,*       Hours Eleven till Six.
                                                     ~     -



 T H E GENTLEMAN'S REAL HEAD OF HAIR or INVISIBLE PERUKE
  The principle upon which this Peruke is made is so superior to everything get
produced, that the hlanufacturer invites the honour of a visit from the Sceptic and the
Connoisseur, that one may be convinced and the other gratified, by inspecting this and
other novel and beautiful specimens of the Perruqueian Art, a t the establishment of the
Sole Inventor, F. Browne, 47, FENCHURCH-ST.
     F. BROWNE'S INFALLIBLE MODE O F MEASURING T H E HEAD.
  Round the head in the manner of a
the Ears loose ................................................... 1 to 1.
                  .-
  From the Forehead over to the poll,
way as required ....................
                                   ..........................       2 to 2.

  From one Temple to the other, across the rise or: As marked
Crown-of the head to where the Hair grows ............' 3 to 3.
-                                                       -  -
            T H E CHARGE FOR T H I S UNIQUE HEAD O F H A I R ONLY &1 10s.

                   KEATING'S                               COUGH LOZENGES.
A        CERTAIN REMEDY for disorders of
      Difficulty of Breathing-in Redundancy of Phlegm-in Incipient CONSUMPTION
                                                                                        the PULMONARY
                                                                                                  ORGANS-
                                                                                   (of which C O U ~isHthe
most positive indication) they are of unerring efficacy. In ASTH~IA,
                                                                  a n d in WINTER COUGH,  they have nevw
been known to fail.
  Prepared and sold in Boxes, Is. 1&d and Tins, 2s. gd 4s 6d., and 10s. 6d., each, by THOMASKEATINC
Chemist,, &c., N?. 79, St. Paul's ~h;;ch Yard, ~ondon,"and Retail by all Druggists and Patent ~ e d i c i n ;
Vendors in the K~ngdom.
