404            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

  " No," said Agnes, quietly pursuing the work on which she was engaged.
" You are too solicitous about him. He is very well."
   Mrs. Heep, with a prodigious sniff, resumed her knitting.
   She never left off, or left us for a moment. I had arrived early in the day,
and we had still three or four hours before dinner; but she sat there,
plying her knitting-needles as monotonously as an hour-glass might have
poured out its sands, She sat on one side of the fire ; I sat at the desk in
front of it ; a little beyond me, on the other side, sat Agnes. Whensoever,
slowly pondering over my letter, I lifted up my eyes, and meeting the
thoughtful face of Agnes, saw it clear, and beam encouragement upon
me, with its own angelic expression, I was conscious presently of the
evil eye passing me, and going on to her, and coming back to me again, and
dropping furtively upon the knitting. What the knitting was, I don't
know, not being learned in that art ; but it looked like a net ; and as
she worked away with those Chinese chopsticks of knitting-needles, she
showed in the firelight like an ill-looking enchantress, baulked as yet by the
radiant goodness opposite, but getting ready for a cast of her net by-and-by.
   At dinner she maintained her watch, with the same unwinking eyes.
After dinner, her son took his turn; and when Mr. Wickfield, himself, and
I were left alone together, leered at me, and writhed until I could hardly
bear it. I n the drawing-room, there was the mother knitting and watch-
ing again. All the time that Agnes sang and played, the mother sat at the
piano. Once she asked for a particular ballad, which she said her Ury
(who was yawning in a great chair) doted on; and at intervals she looked
round at him, and reported to Agnes that he was in raptures with the
music. But she hardly ever spoke-I question if she ever did-without
making some mention of him. I t was evident to me that this was the
duty assigned to her.
   This lasted until bedtime. To have seen the mother and son, like two
great bats hanging over the whole house, and darkening it with their ugly
forms, made me so uncomfortable, that I would rather have remained
down stairs, knitting and all, than gone to bed. I hardly got any sleep.
Next day the knitting and watching began again, and lasted all day.
   I had not an opportunity of speaking to Agnes, for ten minutes. I
could barely show her my letter. I proposed to her to walk out with
mp; but Mrs. Reep repeatedly complaining that she was worse, Agnes
charitably remained within, to bear her company. Towards the twilight
I went out by myself, musing on what I ought to do, and whether I was
justified in withholding from Agnes, any longer, what Uriah Heep had
told me in London; for that began to trouble me again, very much.
   I had not walked out far enough to be quite clear of the town, upon
the Ramsgate road, where there was a good path, when I was hailed,
through the dusk, by somebody behind me. The shambling figure, and
the scanty great coat, were not to be mistaken. I stopped, and Uriah
Heep came up.
   " Well ? " said I.
   "How fast you walk! " said he. "My legs are pretty long, but
you've given 'em quite a job."
   "Where are you going? " said I.
   " I am coming with you, Master Copperfield, if you'll allow me the
