                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                          299
had only time to repeat my caution. Traddles thanked me, and descended.
But I was much afraid, when I observed the good-natured manner in
which he went down with the cap in his hand, and gave Mrs. Micawber
his arm, that he would be carried into the Money Market neck and heels.
   I returned to my fireside, and was musing, half gravely and half
laughing, on the character of Mr. Micawber and the old relations between
us, when I heard a quick step ascending the stairs. At first, I thought
it was Traddles coming back for something Mrs. Micawber had left behind ;
but as the step approached, I knew it, and felt my heart beat high, and
the blood rush to my face, for it was Steerforth's.
   I was never unmindful of Agnes, and she never left that sanctuary in
 my thoughts-if I may call it so-where I had placed her from the first.
But when he entered, and stood before me with his hand out, the dark-
ness that had fallen on him changed to light, and I felt confounded and
ashamed of having doubted one I loved so heartily. I loved her none the
less ; I thought of her as the same benignant, gentle angel in my life ;
I reproached myself, not her, with having done him an injury ; and I would
have made him any atonement if I had known what to make, and how
to make it.
   "Why, Daisy, old boy, dumb-foundered ! " laughed Steerforth, shaking
my hand heartily, and throwing it gaily away. "Have I detected you in
another feast, you Sybarite ! These Doctors' Commons fellows are the
gayest men in town, I believe, and beat us sober Oxford people all to
nothing ! " His bright glance went merrily round the room, as he took
the seat on the sofa opposite to me, which Mrs. Micawber had recently
vacated, and stirred the fire into a blaze.
   " I was so surprised at first," said I, giving him welcome with all the

cordiality I felt, "that I had hardly breath to greet you with, Steerforth."
   " Well, the sight of me is good for sore eyes, as the Scotch say,"

replied Steerforth, "and so is the sight of you, Daisy, in full bloom.
How are you, my Bacchanal?"
   " I am very well," said I ;" and not at allBacchanalian to-night, though
I confess to another party of three."
   " All of whom I met in the street, talking loudin your praise," returned
Steerforth. " Who 's our friend in the tights ? "
   I gave him the best idea I could, in a few words, of Mr. Micawber.
H e laughed heartily at my feeble portrait of that gentleman, and said he
was a man to know, and he must know him.
   " But who do you suppose our other friend i s ? " said I, in my turn.

   "Heaven knows," said Steerforth. " Not a bore, I hope ? I thought
he looked a little like one."
   " Traddles ! " I replied, triumphantly.

   " Who 's he? " asked Steerforth, in his careless way.
   "Don't you remember Traddles? Traddles in our room at Salem
House ? "
   " Oh ! That fellow ! " said Steerforth, beating a lump of coal on the
top of the fire, with the poker. "Is he as soft as ever ? And where the
deuce did you pick him up ? "
   1extolled Traddles in reply, as highly as I could; for I felt that Steer-
forth rather slighted him. Steerforth, dismissing the subject with a light
