                        OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.

 fortune," said I, looking over my letters, "and who discover that they
were always much attached to me, is the self-same Creakle. H e is not a
 schoolmaster now, Traddles. He is retired. H e is a Middlesex
Magistrate."
    1 thought Traddles might be surprised to hear it, but he was not
so at all.
    " How do you suppose he comes to be a Middlesex Magistrate? "

said I.
    " Oh dear me ! " replied Traddles, " it would be very difficult to answer

that question. Perhaps he voted for somebody, or lent money to somebody,
or bought something of somebody, or otherwise obliged somebody, or
jobbed for somebody, who knew somebody who got the lieutenant of the
county to nominate him for the commission."
    "On the commission he is, at any rate," said I. " And he writes to
me here, that he will be glad to show me, in operation, the only true
system of prison discipline ; the only unchallengeable way of making sincere
and lasting converts and penitents-which, you know, is by solitary
confinement. WhaL do you say ? "
    " To the system ? " inquired Traddles, looking grave.

    " No.   To my accepting the offer, and your going with me? "
    " 1 don't object," said Traddles.
    " Then I'll write to say so.    You remember (to say nothing of our
treatment) this same Creakle turning his son out of doors, 1 suppose,
and the life he used to lead his wife and daughter? "
    " Perfectly," said Traddles.

    "Yet, if you'll read his letter, you'll find he is the tenderest of men
to prisoners convicted of the whole calendar of felonies," said I ; "though
I can't find that his tenderness extends to any other class of created
beings."
    Traddles shrugged his shoulders, and was not at a11 surprised. I had
not expected him to be, and was not surprised myself; or my observation of
similar practical satires would have been but scanty, We arranged the time
of our visit, and I wrote accordingly to Mr. Creakle that evening.
    On the appointed day-I think it was the next day, but no matter-
Traddles and I repaired to the prison where Mr. Crealtle was powerful.
I t was an immense and solid building, erected at a vast expense. I could
not help thinking, as we approached the gate, what an uproar would have
been made in the country, if any deluded man had proposed to spend one
half the money it had cost, on the erection of an industrial school for the
young, or a house of refuge for the deserving old.
    In an office that might have been on the ground-floor of the Tower of
Babel, it was so massively constructed, we were presented to our old
schoolmaster; who was one of a group, composed of two or three of the
busier sort of magistrates, and some visitors they had brought. H e received
me, like a man who had formed my mind in bygone pears, and had always
loved me tenderly. On my introducing Traddles, Mr. Creakle expressed, in
like manner, but in an inferior degree, that he had always been Traddles's
guide, philosopher, and friend. Our venerable instructor was a great deal
older, and not improved in appearance. His face was as fiery as ever;
his eyes were as small, and rather deeper set. The scanty, wet-looking
