 A NEW SERIES OF PENNY MAPS.
On October 31, 1850, was published, Part I., price only 4+d., or
         8id. coloured, (each Part to contain Four Maps), of

                             PHILIPS'
PENNY MODERN ATLAS
   OF THE WORLD,
                                       INCLUDING
FIVE ANCIENT MAPS, ILLUSTRATIVE O F THE IMPORTANT EVENTS
                   IN ANCIENT HISTORY ;
F i t h a copious Consulting Index of Places, their Latitudes and Longitzldes,
               and the Map in which each Place is to be fozmd.

GEOGRAPHICAL     Knowledge was to a considerable extent an essential necessity even
in the early periods of our world, cultivated indeed a t first for almost purely social
purpofes, yet in the same proportion as our progenitors increased in numbers, so
also d ~ them
          d     extended range of observation instil into their minds the necessity of
more practical observations on the relative bearings of the districts through which
they passed, noting a t the same time the numerous changes of hill and dale, rivulet
and stream, and the countless varieties of the wonderful products with which it
pleased l\lmigl~r~   God tc, I&gt;lc=qits various rcgions. Hence progressively arose the
Tonocra~~hical   n;ld Gc.ov~.;inhicalnelint.srions with ~vl~ich   rhc Scriotures abound :-
   a
t o Zmfiar cause may 2s; be traced the contributions which the savage tribes have
at various periods of our World's History added to the branches of Geographical
Science.
   Now, in the same proportion as any people forming a Nation develope their com-
mercial and intellectual strength, in the same ratio has it pleased Providence t o
render it necessary that its inhabitants should not only become acquainted with the
Topographical and Geographical features, relative distances and bearings, of their
own and neighbouring nations, but of every portion of the known world, even
extending their researches to unknown regions. Indeed, no member of a commercial
nation, especially in one where education is much diffused, is qualified to act his
part aright as one of its people, unless he is able to form a tolerably accurate notion
of the names of Nations, Places, Seas, Rivers, Mountains, &C., their relative position
and extent, as well as to learn how richly the Creator of the Earth has endowed
them all with the means of ministering to those comforts and pleasures, of which man
in every state of society and climate so much stands in need.
   These reflections might be much extended, but the limits of a prospectus will not
permit it, suffice it to say that every Englishman, be he rich or poor, should have
access t o modern Maps of the various portions of the World, in order to possess the
means of cultivating a knowledge of its divisions, the names of the chief Nations,
Places, &C., &C., as well as to be able to form intellectual and comrnercial ideas
of its numerous products, and the respective regions from whence come the
countless varieties of foreigo substances now in use among us as articles of ornament
or necessity.
   Now, though a Modern Atlas of the World is so essential to every family in this
kingdom, still it has been almost limited in its possession, on account of the high price
a t which all really gocd and practical works have hitherto been issued. To remove
this difficulty has been the principal motive which has induced the Proprietors of
" PHILIPS'PENNYMODERN          ATLAS"t o issue a work which they feel satisfied will be
unircrsillly :idmitred to hc su~.l~risingIy  cllt5;il~,:111tl not surp:i~,~,din usei~ilncssby
any attempt liirhcrto 11rnd1.to estclld r l ~ ek~~owlcrige    of Geograllhy.
  PARTI. contains the Fororkd i n tuo Hemispheres, with SCENICVIEVS OF
THEWATERFALLS,  MOUNTAINS,    RIVERS,  &C. ; a ilfap of Znrope ; and U Map
of Eaglaad a?zd PVales.
  PART11. will contain iiaps of Irelancl, Scotland, B'rance, and Belgium.
   EACHOF THE FUTURE MONTHLY      PARTS   WILL ALSO CONTAIN POUR ~ I A P S .

                                       LONDON :
 P U B L I S H E D F O R T H E P R O P R I E T O R S BY J A M E S G I L B E R T ,
                             49, PATERNOSTER    ROW.
                  LIVERPOOL : GEORGE PHILIP AND SON.
EDINBURGH: OLIVER AND BOYD.        DUBLIN   : W. ROBERTSON. GLASGOW :R. GRIFFIN AND CO.
       Orders received by every Bookseller, Stationw, &c. in the United Kingdom.
                                                                                [TURNOVER.
