268            THE PERSONAL HISTORY AND EXPERIENCE

 remarkably contrasting with the action of his thumb, which did not
 diminish its hard pressure in the least degree, " there's no doubt of it.
 There would have been loss, disgrace, I don't know what all. Mr.
 Wickfield knows it. I am the umble instrument of umbly serving him,
 and he puts me on an eminence I hardly could have hoped to reach. How
 thankful should I be ! " With his face turned towards me, as he finished,
 but without looking at me, he took his crooked thumb off the spot
 where he had ~ l a n t e dit, and slowly and thoughtfully scraped his lank jaw
 with it, as if he were shaving himself.
    I recollect well how indignantly my heart beat, as I saw his crafty face,
 with the appropriately red light of the fire upon it, preparing for some-
thing else.
    cr Master Copperfield," he began-"       but am I keeping you up ? "
    "You are not keeping me up. I generally go to bed late."
    "Thank you, Master Copperfield! I have risen from my umble
 station since first you used to address me, it is true; but I am umble still.
 I hope I never shall be otherwise than umble. You will not think the
worse of my umbleness, if I make a little confidence to you, Master
 Copperfield ? Will you? "
    " Oh, no," said I, with an effort.

       Thank you ! " H e took out his pocket-handkerchief, and began wiping
the palms of his hands. " Miss Agnes, Master Copperfield-"
    " Well, Uriah ? "

       Oh, how pleasant to be called Uriah, spontaneously ! " he cried ; and
 gave himself a jerk, like a convulsive fish. "You thought her looking
very beautiful to-night, Master Copperfield ? "
    " I thought her looking as she always does : superior, in all respects, to

every one around her," 1returned.
    " Oh, thank you !      I t 's so true ! " he cried. " Oh, thank you very
much for that ! "
    "Not at all," I said, loftily. "There is no reason why you should
thank me."
    "Why that, Master Copperfield," said Uriah, "is, in fact, the confi-
dence that I am going to take the liberty of reposing. Umble as I am,"
he wiped his hands harder, and looked at them and at the fire by turns,
" umble as my mother is, and lowly as our poor but honest roof has ever
been, the image of Miss Agnes (1 don't mind trusting you with my secret,
Master Copperfield, for I have always overflowed towards you since the
first moment I had the pleasure of beholding youin a poney-shay) has been
in my breast for years. Oh, Master Copperfield, with what a pure
affection do I love the ground my Agnes walks on ! "
   I believe I had a delirious idea of seizing the red-hot poker out of the
fire, and running him through with it. I t went from me with a shock,
like a ball fired from a rifle : but the image of Agnes, outraged by so much
as a thought of this red-headed animal's, remained in my mind when I
looked at him, sitting all awry as if his mean soul griped his body, and
made me giddy. He seemed to swell and grow before my eyes ; the room
seemed full of the echoes of his voice ; and the strange feeling (to which,
perhaps, no one is quite a stranger) that all this had occurred before, at
some indefinite time, and that I knew what he was going to say next, took
possession of me.
