                THE J O U R N A L O F DESIGN.
                                 Contents of No. I. for March 1849.
ADDRESS.                                                          Xebiela of lpatterns (continued).
Xebiela of Vatterns.                                                  GLASS. Flower Vase, Wine Glass, and Finger-Glass.
  ON THE MULTITUDE     OF NEWPATTERNS.                                MISCELLANEOUS. Book-Cover to Songs, &c.
  WOVENFABSICS. Chintoes, printed for Hindley and                 d r i g i n a l qpapers.
       Sons; and Halling, Pearce, and Stone.                          COPY~IOHT
                                                                              I N DESIGNS.
      Also for Clarkson.
    Flannel, printed by Swaisland, for R. Andrews.
                                                              ,       MIXTURES
                                                                             OF STYLES.

    Swiss printed Cottons, for Faulding and Co.                   Books.
    Calico for Bookbinding, printed for Bone and Son.                 Original Treatises dating from the 12th to the 18th
  SILK. Coventry Ribbon, made for Harding, Smith,                         Centuries. on {he Arts of Painting, &c. Trans-
      and Co.                                                             lated by ~ r s Merrifield.
                                                                                         .
    Tapestry, made by Keiths, for J. Webb.                            A Booke of Draughtes. By Henry Shaw.
  CARPETS,  manufactured by Morton ; also by Pardoe,                  The Illustrated Companion to the Latin Dictionary
      Hoomans, and Co.                                                    and Greek Lexicon. By A. Rich.
  RUG,manufictured by Watson, Bell, and Co.                           Byrne's Euclid. Printed in Colours.
  METALS. Bracelet, manufactured for Hunt and                     Enstitutions.
      Roskill, W. and D. Gass, &c.
    Two Epergnes, designed and made by W. Potts.                      History of the Constitution of the "Government"
    Chandelier, manufactured by Messengers, for the                       School of Design and its Proceedings.
      garden-pavilion in ~uckinjjhamPalace.                           Lecture on Ornament delivered to the Students of the
    Double Candlestick. manufactured by Messengers.                       London School of Design. By W. Dyce, R.A.
    Urn, manufactured by Warner and sins.                             Meetings of Edinburgh and Leeds Schools of Design.
  PAPER-HANGINGS.    French Paoer-hanainas,     .
                                       " - . imported
                                                                      Commons' Report on Scbool of Design ; Changes In
      by W. B. Simpson.                                                   Masterships in Schools of Design ; Williams's
                                                                          Paver on Desian at Colleae of Freemasons of the
    Cheap English Paper, sold by W. R . Simpson.
  WOOD. Potato Bowls, carved by Philip and Wyone,                         ChLrch.            -
      W. G. Rogers, and the Wood-carvlng Company.                     Third Exhibition of British Manufactures a t the
  POTTERY. Statuette, "The Distressed Mother."                            Societv of Arts.
    Statuette, "Dancing Girl."
    Statuette, "Prince of Wales, in a sailor-boy's cos-
      tume."
    Statuette, " The Cornish Wife a t the Well of St.
                                                          1 Qlable tJa1i.
                                                                      Denrefiatinn
                                                                         .
                                                                         &..-~.-~  in-.
                                                                                    -- the
                                                                                        - - Value of Woven Fabrics ; Blue

                                                                         and White Jasper Ornaments; Printed Manu-
                                                                         factures depressed; Her Majesty's Bridal Dress;
      Keyne."                                                            Tapestry Carpets ; Beauclerc u. Copeland.
    Vase, manufactured by Copelands.                                  Mouldings in Glass ; Fine Arts Commission's Report.
    Two Spill Cases manufactured by Wedgewoods.
    OysterTuband dish,manufacturedbyWedgewoods.                   CormsponDence.
    Jugs, manufactured by Copelands, by Ridgways,                     Infringement of Copyright in Jennens and Bettridge's
      and by Mintons.                                                      Trays-Is there a n International Copyright in
                 .
    Potted Hare-not.,manufactured bv " Covelands.
                                          .                               Models?
      W l T H TEN PATTERNS OF FABRICS AND PAPER-HANGINGS, AND THIRTY
                            ENGRAVINGS ON WOOD.

                                 Contents of No. TI. for April 1849.
Xebieb, of qpatferns.                                     /       nebiela of lpatterns (continued).
 METALS. Prince Albert's Design.                                        Copelands' Salt Cellar ; Wedgewoods' Ewer ;
  Hunt and Roskiil's Dish.                                                Printed Breakfast Cup; Water-lily Jug.
  Coalbrookdale Iron Castings, Eagle-Slayer, LC.                        Roses' Dinner Plates; Mintons' Match-box.
  Stuart & Smith's Door-Porter; I'ierce's Pyro-                   @riginal ?papers.
    Pneumatic Stove-Grate.                                            On Ornament, especially referring to Woven Fabrics.
   Smith,s Pistol and Gun ; Pott,s Flower - Stand;
    Broadhead and Atkins' Tea and Coffee Service.                 ~          ~    ~          k   ~     .
 WOVENFABRICS. Walters' Silk Brocatelles.                             Layard's           ; Chapman's
  Aspect of the Month's Narket for Garment Fabrics.
  Mousselines de Laine, by Inglis and Wakefield,                  znstitutions.
    Partridge and Price, J . and A. Crocker.                          Exhibition a t Society of Arts.
  Koechlin's Swiss Cambrics.                                          Manohester Exposition.
  Adam's Flax Damask; Odier's Brilliantes.                            ManChester Church Teachers' Institute.
  Cox,s Ribbon; Stone and Kemp,s, and                                 Schools of Design.
    Spitalfields Silks.                                               Dyce's Lecture on Ornament (continued).
  Norwich and Honiton Lace.                                           Mutual Instruction Class at School of Design.
            Printed Carpet; Holmes, Wilton Velvet                     Wornunl's Lecture ; Potter's Wheel ; Female School.
    Carpet.
  Henderson's Patent Tapestry, and Templeton's                    g a b l e 8aKL.
    Axminster Table-Covers.                                           Committee on Laws affecting Arts; Twist Lace ;
  Macalpin's Chintz.                                                     Success of Registration of Copyright; Andrew
 PAPEE-FIANGINGS.     Jackson and Graham's French                        Kinloch ; Mlntons' Mosaics a t Osborne ; Terra
    Bed-room Paper; Simpson's Paper for Pictures;                        Cotta a t Osborne ; Jelly from Ivory-Dust ;
    Potters' Cheap Paper.                                                " Fallings through the Gridiron ;" Invention of
 GLASS. Messengers' Flower - Glass; Richardsons'                         Glass; Co-operation of Manufacturers, &c.;
    Decanter; Faraday's Alboni Lamp Shade.                               Lord Lyndhurst's Mechanical Knowledge.
   Osler's and Pellatt's Candelabra.
  Pellatt's Claret Jug and Glass.                                 CTorresponbence.
 POTTERY. Mintons' Greek Slave, and Maternal                          Sir F. Thesiger on Models from Prints; Short
    Devotion.                                                             Copyright for Silks; Pirates; &c.
  W l T H THIRTEEN PATTERNS O F FABRICS AND PAPER-HANGINGS, AND FORTY
                          ENGRAVINGS ON WOOD.

         Comrnvnications, &c., to be addressed to the Editor of THEJOURNAL
                                                                         OF                                DESIGN,
                                         at the Publishers.
                LONDON: CHAPMAN AND H A L L , 186 STRAND ;
                                                    SOLD BY
 J. MENZIES, EDINBURGH;              ; J. M'GLASHAN, DUBLIN;H. MANDEVILLE, PARIS;
                     T MURRAY, GLASOOW
              SIMMS AND DINHAM, MANUHESTER
                                         ; BOHAIRE, LYOXS:LEBRUMENT, ROUEN
                                                                         ;
                          C. MUQUARDT, BRUSSELS;
                                               AND ALL BOOKSELLEBS.

                           London :-Printed   by G. Barclay, Castle St. Leicester Sq.
