                         OF DAVID COPPERFIELD.                            339
 That, perhaps, it was a little unjust that all the great offices in this great
 office, should be magnificent sinecures, while the unfortunate working-
 clerks in the cold dark room up-stairs were the worst rewarded, and the
 least considered men, doing important services, in London. That perhaps
 it was a little indecent that the principal registrar of all, whose duty it
 was to find the public, constantly resorting to this place, all needful
 accommodation, should be an enormous sinecurist in virtue of that post
 (and might be, besides, a clergyman, a pluralist, the holder of a stall in
 a cathedral, and what not),-while the public was put to the incon-
 venience of which we had a specimen every afternoon when the office
 was busy, and which we knew to be quite monstrous. That, perhaps, in
 short, this Prerogative Office of the diocese of Canterbury was altogether
 such a pestilent job, and such a pernicious absurdity, that but for its
being squeezed away, in a corner of Saint Paul's Churchyard, which few
people knew, it must have been turned completely inside out, and upside
down, long ago.
    Mr. Spenlow smiled as I became modestly warm on the subject, and
 then argued this question with me as he had argued the other. He said,
 what was it after all? I t was a question of feeling. If the public felt
 that their wills were in safe keeping, and took it for granted that the office
 was not to be made better, who was the worse for i t ? Nobody? Who was
 the better for i t ? All the Sinecurists. Very well. Then the good pre-
 dominated. I t might not be a perfect system; nothing was perfect; but
what he objected to, was, the insertion of the wedge. Under the Prero-
 gative Office, the country had been glorious. Insert the wedge into the
Prerogative Office, and the country would cease to be glorious. H e
considered it the principle of a gentleman to take things as he found them;
and he had no doubt the Prerogative Office would last our time. I de-
ferred to his opinion, though I had great doubts of it myself. I find he
was right, however; for it has not only lasted to the present moment,
but has done so in the teeth of a great parliamentary report made (not
too willingly) eighteen years ago, when all these objections of mine were
set forth in detail, and when the existing stowage for wills was described
as equal to the accumulation of only two years and a half more. What
they have done with them since ; whether they have lost many, or whether
they sell any, now and then, to the butter shops; I don't know. I am
glad mine is not there, and I hope it may not go there, yet awhlle.
    I have set all this down, in my present blissful chapter, because here it
comes into its natural place. Mr. Spenlow and I falling into this con-
versation, prolonged it and our saunter to and fro, until we diverged
into general topics. And so it came about, in the end, that Mr. Spenlow
told me this day week was Dora's birthday, and he would be glad if I
would come down and join a little pic-nic on the occasion. I went out
of my senses immediately; became a mere driveller next day, on receipt
of a little lace-edged sheet of note paper, " Favoured by papa. To
remind ;" and passed the intervening period in a state of dotage.
    I think I committed every possible absurdity, in the way of preparation
for this blessed event. I turn hot when I remember the cravat I bought.
My boots might be placed in any collection of instruments of torture. I
provided, and sent down by the Norwood coach the night before, a
                                                                z2
