                        OF DAVID    COPPERFIELD.




                           CHAPTER XXII.
             SOME OLD SCENES, AND SOME NEW PEOPLE.

    STEERFORTH    and I stayed for more than a fortnight in that part of the
country. We were very much together, I need not say ; but occasionally
we were asunder for some hours at a time. He was a good sailor, and I
was but an indifferent one; and when he went out boating with Mr.
Peggotty, which was a favorite amusement of his, I generally remained
ashore. My occupation of Peggotty's spare-room put a constraint upon
me, from which he was free : for, knowing how assiduously she attended
on Mr. Barkis all day, I did not like to remain out late at night; whereas
Steerforth, lying at the Inn, had nothing to consult but his own humour.
Thus it came about, that I heard of his making little treats for the fisher-
men at Mr. Peggotty's house of call, " The Willing Mind," after I was in
bed, and of his being afloat, wrapped in fisherman's clothes,whole moonlight
nights, and coming back when the morning tide was at flood. By this
time, however, I knew that his restless nature and bold spirits delighted
to find a vent in rough toil and hard weather, as in any other means of
excitement that presented itself freshly to him ; so none of his proceedings
surprised me.
    Another cause of our being sometimes apart, was, that I had naturally
an interest in going over to Blunderstone, and revisiting the old familiar
scenes of my childhood ; while Steerforth, after being there once, had
naturally no great interest in going there again. Hence, on three or four
days that I can at once recal, we went our several ways after an early
breakfast, and met again at a late dinner. I had no idea how he employed
his time in the interval, beyond a general knowledge that he was very
popular in the place, and had twenty means of actively diverting himself
where another man might not have found one.
    For my own part, my occupation in my solitary pilgrimages was to recal
every yard of the old road as I went along it, and to haunt the old spots,
of which I never tired. I haunted them, as my memory had often done,
and lingered among them as my younger thoughts had lingered when I
was far away. The grave beneath the tree, where both my parents lay-
on which I had looked out, when it was my father's only, with such curious
feelings of compassion, and by which I had stood, so desolate, when it was
opened to receive my pretty mother and her baby-the grave which
Peggotty's own faithful care had ever since kept neat, and made a garden
of, I walked near, by the hour. It lay a little off the church-yard path,
in a quiet corner, not so far removed but I could read the names upon the
 stone as I walked to and fro, startled by the sound of the church-bell when
 it struck the hour, for it was like a departed voice to me. My reflections
 at these times were always associated with the figure I was to make in
life, and the distinguished things I was to do. My echoing footsteps went
 to no other tune, but were as constant to that as if I had come home to
 build my castles in the air at a living mother's side.
                                                               Q
