                          OF DAVID COPPERBIELD.                            315
general ideas about pearls, which never resolved themselves into anything
definite.
    For years and years, Mr. Barkis had carried this box, on all his journeys,
every day. That it might the better escape notice, he had invented a
fiction that it belonged to " Mr. Blackboy," and was " t o be left with
Barkis till called for ;" a fable he had elaborately written on the lid, in
characters now scarcely legible.
    H e had hoarded, all these years, I found, to good purpose. His property
in money amounted to nearly three thousand pounds. Of this he be-
queathed the interest of one thousand to Mr. Peggotty for his life ; on his
decease, the principal io be equally divided between Peggotty, little Emily,
and me, or the survivor or survivors of us, share and share alike. All
the rest he died possessed of, he bequeathed to Peggotty ; whom he left
residuary legatee, and sole executrix of that his last will and testament.
    I felt myself quite a proctor when I read this document aloud with all
possible ceremony, and set forth its provisions, any number of times, to
those whom they concerned. I began to think there was more in the
Commons than I had supposed. I examined the will with the deepest
attention, pronounced it perfectly formal in all respects, made a pencil-
mark or so in the margin, and thought it rather extraordinary that I knew
so much.
    I n this abstruse pursuit; in making an account for, Peggotty, of all the
property into which she had come; in arranging all the affairs in an
orderly manner ; and in being her referee and adviser on every point, to
our joint delight; I passed the week before the funeral. I did not see
little Emily in that interval, but they told me she was to be quietly
                                                                 -     - married
in a fortnight.
    I did not attend the funeral in character, if I may venture to say so.
I mean I was not dressed up in a black cloak and a streamer, to frighten
the birds; but I walked over to Blunderstone early in the morning,
and was in the churchyard when it came, attended only by Peggotty and
her brother. The mad gentleman looked on, out of my little window;
Mr. Chillip's baby wagged its heavy head, and rolled its goggle eyes, at
the clergyman, over its nurse's shoulder ; Mr. Omer breathed short in the
background ; no one else was there ; and it was very quiet. We walked
about the churchvard for an hour. after all was over : and nulled some
young leaves from the tree above my mother's grave.
    A dread falls on me here. A cloud is lowering on the distant town,
towards which I retraced my solitary steps. I fear to approach it. I cannot
bear to think of what did come, upon that memorable night; of what must
come again, if I go on.
    I t is no worse, because I write of it. I t would be no better, if I stopped
my most unwilling hand. I t is done. Nothing can undo i t ; nothing can
make it otherwise than as it was.
    My old nurse was to go to London with me next day, on the business
of the will. Little Eniily was passing that day at Mr. Omer's. We were
all to meet in the old boathouse that night. Ham would bring Emily at
the usual hour. I would walk back at my leisare. The brother and sister
would return as they had come, and be expecting us, when the day closed
in, at the fireside.
