6                                         ADVERTISEMENTS.
-         ---                                                                                        --

      TRELOAR'S COCOA-BUT FIBRE WAREHOUSE,
                                       42, LUDGATE HILL.
  The articles made from COCOA-NUT FIBRE consist of Matting, Hearth-rugs, Door-mats, Mattresses,
Cushions, Hassocks Netting for sheep folds, Clothes.lines, Cordage, Scrubbing Brushes, and Brushes for
stable use. To e n s i r e good quality a t the lowest prices, apply direct t o the Manufacturer, T. TRELOAR,
42, Ludgate Hill.


        CHILDREN'S FROCKS, COATS, AND PELISSES;
                             I n all the New Materials and prevailing Styles, a
                             large portion of which areexpressly adapted for School
                             Wear, a t SHEARMAN'S, 5 , FINSBURY PAVEMENT.
                             LONDON (between the Bank and Pinsbury Square).
                                SEVERAL HUNDREDS constantly on view from
                             the useful dress a t Is. Ild., 2s. 6d 3s. 6d.. mldinm,
                             5s. 6d., 7s. 6d., 10s. 6d., 12s. 6d.j h'hdsomd 15s. 6d.,
                              18s. 6d., 21s. 6d., up to the richest goods mide i n Silk
                             Velvets, Three, Four, and Five Guineas.
                      k         HOLLANDDRESSESof all klnds. Pinafores, 10hd.;
                             Frocks, Is. 6d., Is. 9d.j ditto, long sleeves, 2s. gd.,
                             3s. 6d.: Blouses, 3s. 6d.. 4s. 6d.. 5s. 6 d .
                                MANTLES, PALETOTS, C ~ O ~ I K -JACIiETS,  S,      and
                              SPEKCERS, in great varipty, adapted for all ages, two
                             years and upwards.

                     I N F A N T S ' CLOAKS, HOODS, H A T S , and B O N N E T S , L O N G
                                                                                                -
                   and S H O R T ROBES, French Cambric Caps, Day and Night Gowns,
                   Robe Blankets, and Squares, Lawn and Cambric N ~ g h tCaps, Open
                   and Round Shirts, Trimmed Nursery Baskets, and Bassinets, with a
                   general Stock of B A B Y L I N E N . together with every artitlo nsudly
                   required for a Y O U N G F A M I L Y : thus obviating the trouble and
                                                                                               d-
                   inconvenience (so long complained of) in going t o various shops when
                   J U V E N I L E C L O T H I N G is required.
                      "*, A n Illustrated Pamphlet, affording addilional information, sent
                   free on the receipt of a paid Letter.
                                                                                          --

    THE         INVISIBLE VENTILATING HEADS OF                                                  HAIR.
                                 R O S S & SON'S M E T H O D O F M E A S U R I N G
                                                 THE H E A D .


                                 The Round of the Head     ....
                                 From Ear to Ear     ..........

                                  These inimitable works of art, for both Ladies a n d
                                 Gentlemen, from One Guinea-andma-half upwards.
                                   THE ATRAPILATORY, OR LIQUID HAIR DYE,
                                 the only Dye that really answers for all colours.


    BOTANIC WATER AND BEAR'S CREASE. When the Hair is becoming thin, and failing off, the only
 effectual remedy 1s the use of the above named articles, applied alternately ; the Botanic Water t o cleanse
 and stimulate, and the Bear's Grease t o nourish it.
    THE NEW TOOTH-PICK TOOTH-BRUSH, thoroughly cleansing between the Teeth when used up and
 down, and polishing the surface when used crossways. t h e hair warranted never t o come out. I n four
 strengths, viz., No. 1, hard ; No. 2, less hard; No. 3, medium; No. 4, soft.
    THE DOUBLE ANTI-PRESSURE NAIL BRUSH; THE TRIPLE HAIR BRUSH; THE M E D ~ U MSHAVING
 BRUSH; THE "RENOVATOR" CLOTHES BRUSH. These articles being the inventions of Ross & solus,
 the public are requested to observe their names stamped on each.
    If you wish t o avoid all the torture "which Shaving has eutailed upon your chins,&gt;' try ROSS & SON'S
 RAILWAY STROP AND RAZOR, and if Travellers, supply Yourselves with the ROSSIAN DRESSING CASE,
 which contains the largest number of conveniences in the smallest compass.

         Address, ROSS & SONS, 119 and 120 Bishopsgate Street, London.
